### Chapter 376: Ep. 71 - 50 years later, IV

 Capture them\! Apprehend the eldest Prince first\!

 They are taking the Fourth Prince away\!

Angry Reincarnators inside the screen were pouring out a barrage of arrows and
sword lights. And there were two men running within the thick, choking smoke 
Yoo Joonghyuk and Kim Dokja.

\[Baat, baaaht\!\]

With a very restless expression on her face, Biyoo jumped up and down in the
air like a ball of mochi.

Arrows flew past Kim Dokja's head with barely any room to spare; some of them
even accurately fell towards his back, but the First Prince quickly swung his
sword to deflect them all.

 Retreat\!

With that order, the revolutionaries receded away. And there were
Constellations watching this spectacle from afar.

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is gazing at 'Kaizenix
Archipelago'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is looking at the Underworld's
successor.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is roaring out in
frustration\!\]

Unfortunately, their messages couldn't reach the Incarnations within the
channel.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is pleading for at least one
message to get through\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is requesting for the permission
to send indirect messages...\]

\[Baat, baaaht.\]

With a sad look, Biyoo shook her head.

Dokkaebis might possess the authority to change broadcast set-up of their
channels, but the situation this time with the 'Isle of Reincarnators' was a
rather unique one.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is glaring at the 'Mandala's
Guardian'.\]

The one who offered up the stage for the scenario of the 'Great War of Saints
and Demons' was the master of the 'Isle of Reincarnators', 'Mandala's
Guardian'. He was not allowed to participate in this scenario personally, but
at the same time, was given the same level of authority to interfere as the
high-ranking Dokkaebis during this war.

\[Oh, young angel, that is regrettably impossible to do so. Unless, you decide
to convert to the path of Buddhism through this opportunity.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is throwing a temper tantrum.\]

\[You should be mindful of your temper. Those with much anger in them will get
consumed by it later.\]

\[A great number of Constellations are expressing their indignation\!\]

Not caring whether they were furious or not, the 'Mandala's Guardian'
continued to stare with quiet, distant eyes at Kim Dokja inside the screen 
as if he was searching for a certain profound epiphany from that man's face.

\[Channels nearby are momentarily being frozen\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut...

It was around then that someone revealed himself in the air accompanied by a
sudden storm of sparks. The 'Mandala's Guardian' shifted his disinterested
eyes in that direction.

\[This one doesn't recall giving entry permission to a Dokkaebi from the
Bureau.\]

\[I simply had to come with the situation being what it is, oh, 'King of
Reincarnators'.\]

The one that appeared was the historical-grade Dokkaebi, Bihyung. He
courteously performed the Buddhist-style greeting and began his questioning
right away.

\[I'm aware that you possess ten different names. Sakya, Sakyamuni,
Siddhartha, Tathagata, Sugata, Buddha... Which one among them are you,
exactly?\]

The expression on the Guardian's face shifted ever so slightly after hearing
Bihyung's question. The fact was, he would transform into a different
existence according to the name he currently possessed.

\[This one is currently Sakyamuni.\]

\[Sakyamuni, please cancel the abnormal scenario currently imposed on the
Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

\[That is contrary to our prior agreement. Have you not handed over all
control of the preparatory scenarios to me?\]

\[I believe you were strongly requested to remain neutral in the upcoming
'Great War of Saints and Demons'.\]

Bihyung's sharp gaze landed firmly on Sakyamuni. The Warrior Monk's eyes
quietly held that gaze, and the mandala within them reversed their spinning
direction.

\[Well. This one isn't the first person to stop being neutral, it seems.\]

\[Can you clarify that, please?\]

\[I heard recently that there is an historical-grade Dokkaebi greatly
favouring Incarnations from a certain Nebula.\]

Right after Sakyamuni finished replying in a subtle but accusatory tone of
voice, Biyoo popped up in mid-air and plopped her soft tummy on top of
Bihyung's head.

\[Are you here because of the Bureau, or by your own volition?\]

Bihyung lightly bit his lip, but didn't provide an answer. Instead, he looked
at Kim Dokja in the screen, currently breaking past the clouds of explosions
and running away.

\[The trial you have put them in is far too excessive. It might be only a
blink to the Constellations, but that length of time is as much as one's
lifespan from a human's perspective.\]

\[This one was also a human once upon a time. And this scenario is a
necessity. Especially if they are to reach the .\]

\[...Sakyamuni.\]

\[Oh Dokkaebi, the celebration of the end will soon commence.\]

The mandala within Sakyamuni's eyes continued to spin. And the faint figures
of Kim Dokja and Yoo Joonghyuk could be seen above the spinning Mandalas.

\[Which  will you vote for?\]

  

* * *

  

With the aid of Yoo Joonghyuk, I was able to safely escape from the audience
chamber. The pursuit attempt by the guards proved to be annoyingly persistent,
but thanks to the sacrifices of a few revolutionaries, we made it to the safe
house in the end.

Yoo Joonghyuk chucked the unconscious Bilston  the host body of Lee Hyunsung
 on the floor and opened his lips to speak. "Why did you show up this late?"

"It wasn't because I wanted to, okay."

\[The worldview is growing suspicious of your conversation.\]

\['Midday Tryst' has been activated\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk shot me his trademark murderous glare for a little while, and
then continued on with his story.

 I arrived in this place around two years ago.

I calmly listened to his experiences.

He suddenly became the First Prince of the Kaizenix Archipelago, and just as
suddenly, throne usurpation broke out.

Yoo Joonghyuk was thrown into the middle of that armed revolt and began his
bid for survival. He escaped from the royal castle and created the group of
freedom fighters. And then, he searched around for the rest of the companions.

 By the time I arrived here, Lee Hyunsung, Jung Heewon, and even Han Sooyoung
were already in that state.

 Are the three of them the only ones here? Where are the others?

 Haven't found anyone besides them. It's likely that only they were summoned
to this world.

Yoo Joonghyuk possessed the \[Sage's Eye\]. In some regard, that skill allowed
him to spy on far more complete information than my own \[Character List\]. He
had been relying on this skill to search for the other companions. He probably
discovered me through it, too  since the \[Sage's Eye\] didn't work on me.

I observed the still-unconscious Lee Hyunsung.

Yoo Joonghyuk said he got here two years ago. In that case, just how long was
Lee Hyunsung trapped in this worldview for?

 They have all been swallowed up by the Giant Story, haven't they?

 Probably.

 What about you? You alright?

 You think a measly couple of years is enough to break me down?

I belatedly recalled what an amazing dude Yoo Joonghyuk was. The trustworthy
Lee Hyunsung, the driven Jung Heewon, and even Han Sooyoung all broke down and
lost themselves.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is shooting a dissatisfied glare at
Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

However, Yoo Joonghyuk was completely unscathed.

But then again, that was pretty obvious when I thought about it. The method
employed by this worldview's 'Giant Story' to break us down was 'time' itself.
However, Yoo Joonghyuk possessed far stronger resistance towards the passage
of time than anyone. Well, he had already spent hundreds of years in the Dark
Stratum going through harsh training, after all.

\[The worldview is expressing its puzzlement over your lengthy silence.\]

I raised my head towards the sky.

The current scenario was governed by the rules set out by the worldview. Even
Yoo Joonghyuk seemed to have realized how we should start acting from here
onwards.

I finished preparing myself and opened my lips. "Hyung."

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression crumpled into something unsightly.

 Hey, don't make a face like that. This is the restriction of our current
scenario. Do you think I'm enjoying this, either?

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes bubbling over like boiling lava finally softened just a
tad.

Yup, this guy was going to experience severe difficulties pretty soon;
according to Ricardo's memories, the original setting for the First Prince was
'loving and warm-hearted big brother', that was why.

Yoo Joonghyuk opened his lips. "Speak, Ricardo."

"What are you going to do next? It looks to me that even the revolution has
failed now. No, besides all that, why did you even appear in the execution
ground, anyway?"

"I was planning to kill the false king."

\[Character, 'Ricardo Von Kaizenix', is being agitated.\]

I was pretty sure of him being dead serious here. The Yoo Joonghyuk I know was
fully capable of doing something like that, after all.

Too bad, that wasn't my style.

"But, should you be doing something like that? She's originally your bride,
isn't she?"

"Correction. She was supposed to be one. The throne was usurped on the first
day of the wedding, however."

Oh, I see. So, it's that sort of development? I felt just a bit relieved now.

Han Sooyoung and Yoo Joonghyuk as a couple? <Kim Dokja's Company> hadn't
allowed any dating at the workplace yet, so hell no.

It was at this point in time that an unexpected message entered my ears.

\[The worldview finds your words interesting.\]

\[The genre of the applicable scenario has tilted slightly towards
'Romance'.\]

...The genre had tilted?

Yoo Joonghyuk continued on. "It was already far late to save her. She was
stained by the corrupted magic and lost her original humanity."

Oh, really?

\[The worldview finds Incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk's words interesting.\]

\[The genre of the applicable scenario has minutely tilted towards
'Fantasy'.\]

I gave another signal to Yoo Joonghyuk with my eyes.

 Did you hear that?

He nodded his head.

"In any case, we both are too late now. We can't save them all."

"No, it's not too late. Whatever the case may be, there are two of us, right?"

After saying that, I shifted my gaze down to Bilston on the ground, still
snoring away, and carried on. "Maybe, three."

"Those three will be everyone."

"Who knows? There might be more. Maybe, a miracle happens and an existence
crossing over from another dimension will help us out."

\[The worldview finds your words interesting.\]

\[The genre of the applicable scenario has acquired the possibility of being
'Fusion Fantasy'.\]

And in the following moment, new scenario messages popped up right before my
eyes.

\[The Selection Point for the Sub-Scenario, 'Genre Selection', has been
generated\!\]

\[A new scenario message has arrived\!\]

We quickly accessed the scenario window.

<Sub Scenario  Genre Selection>

Type: Sub

Difficulty:???

Clear condition: The worldview you've been summoned into can participate in
the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'. Choose the 'genre' of the worldview
you're now a part of, and lead it to its natural conclusion. The worldview
that witnesses the conclusion will earn the right to participate in the war.

Time Limit: None

Reward: Participation of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons', 300,000 coins,
???

Failure: You will be bound to the 'Isle of Reincarnators'.

  

<List of currently selectable genres>

1\. Romance

2\. Fantasy

3\. Fusion Fantasy

\* The attributes of a genre will strengthen the further you act in a manner
befitting said genre.

"...So, this is how it was."

I raised my head and found Yoo Joonghyuk's dumbfounded expression.

I kind of understood how I should go about advancing the scenario now.
However, the problem here was the difficulty of figuring out which 'genre' was
the right one to select.

 We just don't have enough information. It'd been nice if only we knew what
the original plot of this world was...

It was unknown what kind of a conclusion we'd get after choosing a particular
worldview. What I wanted was to ensure the survival of everyone and move onto
the next scenario together.

But, what if someone were to die as the price for me choosing a genre?

Yoo Joonghyuk threw out a question.

 I guess your high and mighty book didn't mention this part, then?

I flinched slightly before making my reply.

 How can I know something that a Regressor like you doesn't know?

 But, I do know.

 What? You know what, exactly?

 The course of this scenario.

I stared at him in pure shock. Yoo Joonghyuk knows of this scenario's plot?
But, that couldn't be.

If my memories were correct, then the Yoo Joonghyuk of the 3rd Regression turn
had not experienced a scenario like this one. And he'd not go through one in
the future, either.

 I read it in a book.

 What book was that?

I momentarily wondered if he was talking about the 'Ways of Survival', but
quickly realized that was impossible. Because even that novel didn't contain
any in-depth information on this scenario.

 I read the diary written by Han Sooyoung from the 1863rd turn. She
experienced this scenario in that Regression.

 Han Sooyoung of the 1863rd turn? And why do you have her diary in the first
place?

 I got hold of it via special means.

I glared at Yoo Joonghyuk for a little while.

Well, I was slightly overcome with complicated feelings of betrayal.

Han Sooyoung from the 1863rd turn didn't mention any information on this
scenario to me. Why was that? Did she think that I must not know about it? Or...
Just to spite me?

My thoughts remained complicated, but I shook my head and got rid of them.
They weren't important right now.

 If you possessed such information, you should've told me that already, you
dumbass. Okay, so. How did the 1863rd turn Han Sooyoung clear this scenario?

Whatever the case might have been, the important thing was that we did have
info on this scenario. If we had info, then that meant there was an already-
set method to clear it.

However, Yoo Joonghyuk's expression was gloomy.

 This world is not unfolding in the original direction.

 What are you talking about?

 'Throne usurpation' didn't happen in the original plot of this world.
Meaning, the event of the current king becoming 'king' shouldn't have
happened.

 Which means...?

 Before we entered this world, someone changed the plot of this story.

I was flustered.

Currently, we were in a situation where neither of us  Yoo Joonghyuk the
Regressor, and me, the sole reader  had any idea on the future storyline.
Sure, there had been a few times when the progress of the story didn't match
up with the 'Ways of Survival' in the past, but this would be the first time
we couldn't predict what the future held for us.

The 'Ways of Survival' I knew didn't contain any potential solutions to a
scenario like this one.

Ma ybe you sho uld have read the Final Re vision.

Regret belatedly rushed in.

It was at this time that someone knocked on the door.

"Enter."

Almost at the same time Yoo Joonghyuk issued his order, the door was pushed
open and the revolutionaries entered. They brought along an older man,
currently tied up by them.

"He says he's the secret envoy from the king. He wishes to speak to you, sir."

The older man turned out to be the same butler who handed me water back when I
first regained my consciousness after the 'possession'. His beard trembled in
fear; he sucked in deep breaths and addressed us.

"First Prince, and the Fourth Prince... Her majesty told me to give you a
certain item. Specifically... Her majesty from 40 years ago..."

...40 years ago?

Yoo Joonghyuk and I exchanged glances. Meanwhile, the butler rummaged through
his inner pocket and pulled something out.

It was a certain book.

\{Three Ways to Survive a Totally Ruined Scenario, by the author Han
Sooyoung.\}


