### Chapter 221: Ep. 42 - Asmodeus, I

A sleeper car was rolling around. The citizens of the council, including
Aileen, were busy moving me somewhere. I could feel the fragments of my
stories constantly entering, like patient in critical condition.

Putting aside the urgent situation, my mind was gradually becoming calm. I
decided to sort out the situation.

\[Currently, you have the inheritance rights to the Gilobat Industrial
Complex.\]

How did I become a revolutionary and gain the inheritance rights of the
Gilobat Industrial Complex?

The answer was simple.

 'Kim Dokja' killed the ruler of the Gilobat Industrial Complex. 

At first glance, it seemed like a circular argument but this wasn't the case.
It was because 'Kim Dokja' wasn't my body. In other words, it was easy for
someone to impersonate me, build up a reputation there and finally kill the
ruler.

\[The Star Stream is correcting the scenario error.\]

\[A new story related to you is scheduled.\]

What crazy person could do such a thing? There obviously couldn't be two such
crazy guys.

 Kim Dokja thought: Yoo Joonghyuk is now in the Gilobat Industrial Complex. 

At first, I purely felt gratitude. Ah\! Yoo Joonghyuk was a decent person\!
That jerk hit the industrial complex to save me\! I felt thrilled for a while
without thinking much.

Then once I thought about it, I couldn't believe it. That Yoo Joonghyuk
entered the Gilobat Industrial Complex to save me? In the first place, it was
strange that Yoo Joonghyuk knew about my crisis. How could a guy who wasn't a
constellation or have access to a channel know about my crisis?

Thus, Yoo Joonghyuk was likely to do the opposite of coming to my rescue. He
noticed that I impersonated him and came to the Demon Realm to pick me up. In
the meantime, something went wrong and he headed to the Gilobat Industrial
Complex first where he went through an unnecessary dispute and overturned the
industrial complex. I couldn't even fathom how much rage it felt to do that.

"You're being healed. Don't shake your body." Aileen, who was working on my
story in the treatment room, pushed up her glasses and scolded me.

I replied in a dispirited manner. "I'm sorry, it is instinct. How is my
state?"

"Don't talk nonsense in your current physical condition." Aileen sighed but
her expression didn't look bad. "I can only see it as a miracle. You are
slowly recovering. The damage to your stories is so big it will be hard to
move around but... I think you will be fine.

Maybe it was because I entered the main scenario again but my sense of
breathing had changed.

Those who didn't know what it felt like to be an exile and return to the
scenario wouldn't understand.

 Kim Dokja thought: This is the 'story'. 

It felt like a cozy and huge world was embracing me. Funnily enough, it felt
like I was now living properly. It was frightening to think about who designed
these 'senses'.

"Kuek..."

"Don't move\!"

Aileen's sharp voice was heard along with the strong pangs.

\[Your current story configuration is incomplete.\]

I had entered the scenario and was in the recovery phase but things were still
serious. It was a miracle that I survived long enough to kill Duke Syswitz. It
was a reckless battle. It was uncharacteristic of me and I didn't know why I
acted like that.

\[Some constellations are asking about you.\]

Moreover, I summoned the story weapon so my future stories would become very
complicated. I opened the message log that I had been putting off.

\[Many constellations in the channel are greatly impressed by your
performance\!\]

\[3,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is nodding at your
confidence.\]

\[4,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

There was some sponsorship. Somehow I wasn't impressed.

\[The 20th main scenario has ended.\]

\[The main scenario 'Demon Realm Revolution' has been cleared.\]

\[The excessive main scenario skip is delaying the compensation.\]

\[The collection of stories due to clearing the main scenario is pending.\]

There were some problems but the scenario messages came up correctly.

\[Some constellations are wondering about your identity.\]

\[Some constellations would like to invite you to their nebula\!\]

\[Someone is eyeing your story\!\]

The familiar shenanigans had also begun. It was understandable why they were
running around like this.

 The story weapon Pluto. 

Even the narrative-grade constellations coveted the giant soldier. The giant
soldier was a rare weapon that could only be seen in the huge stories of
Gigantomachia. It was a weapon that could trample on the legendary story, the
Factory like it was a toy. There was no way the constellations wouldn't covet
such a weapon.

By the way, 'he' hadn't come yet...

\[The constellation 'Father of the Rich Night' is watching you.\]

...He came, shit.

\[The constellation 'Father of the Rich Night' is watching you.\]

Father of the Rich Night. Fortunately, he didn't take any action apart from
looking at me. It was normal for him to be angry because I used his story
weapon... No, Hades looking at me might be a terrible thing in itself. He was
the king of the Underworld.

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is strongly activated\!\]

\[The Fourth Wall is laughing.\]

Dammit, I disliked this mean fellow.

Of course, I was narrative-grade and could touch Hades' toes but the problem
was my current condition. The bandages wrapped around my body represented my
present situation.

The incarnation body was the phenotype of my status. The phenotype was ruined
so the status of the constellation inevitably shrunk. It was the first time I
had been injured like this...

It was hard to lift one arm but the smartphone in my hand was comforting. I
was grinning and Aileen frowned as she bandaged me. "...I told you not to look
at that for too long."

"My mother always said this."

"You need to maintain absolute stability."

"For me, looking at this is absolutely stable."

I deliberately didn't explain. It would probably be filtered even if
explained.

"What about the Syswitz Industrial Complex? No, now we should call it the Yoo
Joonghyuk Industrial Complex."

"It's fine."

The duke died and the industrial complex was on its way to stability. There
was a lot of talk about the removal slaves and the treatment of the nobles who
were prisoners but Aileen was doing well.

Aileen looked at me for a moment and asked, "In fact, you aren't Yoo
Joonghyuk?"

It was a question I had anticipated and I nodded. "That's right, I'm not him."

"However, the owner of this industrial complex is now Yoo Joonghyuk."

Certainly, it was true. In fact, there was a mention in my messages.

\[The current owner of the industrial complex is Duke Yoo Joonghyuk.\]

Duke Yoo Joonghyuk... That jerk should be thanking me. I glanced at Aileen and
told her, "The duke will soon come."

Aileen's expression filled with a strange tension. "...Yoo Joonghyuk is a
demon?"

"He isn't a demon although sometimes he feels like a demon." I was worried
about how to explain and finally decided to say, "In this round, Yoo Joonghyuk
is a good guy."

Aileen didn't understand what I meant. I shook my head. "I have a favour to
ask. Can you call Jang Hayoung and Han Myungoh to me? I have something to say
to them."

"...I understand."

I had passed one crisis but it was literally only 'one'. The 'Revolutionary'
scenario was over but the following scenarios were incomparably larger in
scale.

\[some demon kings are interested in your actions.\]

If I wasn't cautious, I would be eaten. Thus, from now on, I had to prepare
step by step. As soon as Aileen disappeared, I opened the file on the panel
screen without hesitation.

Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World \(1st Revision\).txt

It was the long-awaited Ways of Survival. My heart was already beating
quickly. What did first revision mean? In addition, why did the writer give
this to me?

However, the file didn't immediately appear. It might be due to the smart made
by Aileen. The performance was enough to make me miss my old smartphone. The
file barely opened after a considerable amount of time passed.

"...The phone isn't slow. It is the file that is too big."

Indeed, this was around the time it would take to load on an unoptimized PC. I
felt a bit sick at the huge amount of text.

Damn, how did I read this?

In order to see where the story was modified, I had to read it again from the
beginning and compare it to my memories. I started reading the first ten
pages.

...There didn't seem to be much change? It started with the subway and Yoo
Joonghyuk's actions...

This was a revision so why was this jerk still like this? Then a sentence that
didn't exist in the original Ways of Survival appeared for the first time.

 Yoo Joonghyuk thought, 'If it was him, I wouldn't have thought of this'. 

I stopped as I felt cold.

 'If he had been here, I would've judged things a bit differently...' 

I subconsciously scrolled back to the first page. The performance of the
smartphone caused the text to be mixed up but I couldn't afford to worry about
it. An eerie feeling filled my heart. I was missing something.

...The first scene was the same? No. It was a completely different beginning. I
scrolled to the first page of the first chapter of Ways of Survival and stared
with a stunned expression.

"...It isn't the third regression."

The first revision of Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World. I read the
first sentence of the novel again.

 Thus, Yoo Joonghyuk's fourth life began. 

The first revision started from Yoo Joonghyuk's fourth regression.

 Yoo Joonghyuk had a thought. 

 In this round, that guy doesn't exist. 


