### Chapter 340: Ep. 64 - A Road That Isn't a Road, I

Immediately after the collapse of Olympus in Gigantomachia, the restrictions
on the giants disappeared. They were freed from the old story and would be
reborn as participants in new scenarios.

\[There is no desire to repeat the old battle. Do you agree?\]

\[I agree.\]

Briareus, leader of the giants and Dionysus, interim representative of the 12
Gods, reached a dramatic agreement just before the end of the 60th scenario.

\[The Star Stream has acknowledged this 'myth collapse'.\]

\[A new story is blooming in the 60th scenario.\]

In fact, they could've fought more if they wanted to fight. However, the power
of Olympus had been drastically weakened through Gigantomachia. Many heroes
and giants died, Poseidon's whereabouts were unclear and the silent Underworld
King announced his successor.

I

n such a situation, the existence of the nebula would be jeopardized if the 12
gods and giants were to keep confronting each other.

The downfall of the giant nebula, Olympus. At the center of this ridiculous
story, there was a small nebula.

\[A number of constellations are shouting the name 'Kim Dokja's Company\!'\]

The story, which began with the struggle of a small constellation, was finally
coming to the end with a giant story. Despite this, the members of the nebula
didn't appreciate the giant story and were calling someone's name.

"Dokja-ssi\! Dokja-ssi\!"

"Hyung\! Don't mess around\! Where are you hiding?"

Jung Heewon, Lee Hyunsung, Lee Jihye, Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung...

They were looking for Kim Dokja on the small island made by the giants.
Someone sounded uneasy while another had an expression full of disbelief. The
only one who remained calm in this chaos was the one staring up at the sky
with an expressionless face.

Han Sooyoung stared closely at him and asked, "Yoo Joonghyuk, do you know
something?"

"..."

"Answer me. The kids are worried."

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly turned towards Han Sooyoung. The party members noticed
something and gathered behind Han Sooyoung.

"Master, what is it? Do you know something?"

"What happened to Dokja-ssi again?"

Yoo Joonghyuk was silent for a while before replying, "Kim Dokja has returned
to Earth."

"What? Without us?"

Lee Jihye belatedly discovered something and opened her mouth. "Ah... don't tell
me?"

In retrospect, Gigantomachia wasn't their real purpose. In the beginning,
participating in Gigantomachia was only a process. While everyone was feeling
excited by the joy of victory, only Kim Dokja was thinking about the real
purpose of this task.

Jung Heewon sighed with relief and smiled. "...Still, he didn't have to quickly
go back on his own."

"We'll go back too\!"

Then a system message emerged.

\[The region will be restricted for one hour to stabilize the scenario.\]

Lee Seolhwa's eyes widened with surprise. "How did Dokja-ssi get out of here?"

"He probably used a special method."

"A special method?"

"I don't know anything else."

Yoo Joonghyuk replied and stared up at the sky again. It was still snowing.
Snow was falling in summer weather. Based on Earth tie, it was snowing in
August.

Han Sooyoung stared into his eyes and asked him, "...Did Kim Dokja go back first
because of Yoo Sangah?"

There was a reason for asking what should've been obvious. Yoo Joonghyuk's
answer came back after the miraculous snow melted in the sun. "You'll know
when you see it."

  

* * *

  

In the vehicle that ran in dimensions, I was lost in thoughts. During the time
when I was planning to overthrow Gigantomachia, I had contacted several
constellations. Perhaps all those with the slightest acquaintance received my
call.

Most of them were in a special relationship with Olympus or were in a
difficult position to participate in the 60th scenario. I could understand.
What constellation would want to be in a hostile relationship with a big
nebula like Olympus?

Nevertheless, there was one who made a unique suggestion.

I can't help in Gigantomachia but if you fail, I can pave the way for you to
get away. Just, it can only be you.

The one who made the suggestion was now sitting in the driver's seat and
holding the steering wheel.

\[...I didn't know you would take advantage of my proposal in this way.\]

The owner of the Special Ferrarigini who could use the portals of the scenario
because of his probability and who had free access to the dimension.

The Mass Production Maker laughed. \[Originally, you were a type who rarely
asked for help from someone else.\]

"My thoughts are a bit different after coming back from another world." I
smiled and added, "In addition, I accidentally left the X-grade Ferrarigini
behind. I haven't finished the instalment plan yet so I'm still crying
whenever I think about it."

\[Haha, the car you bought from me?\]

"Thus, in the future, I have decided to ride in other people's cars without
driving my own."

\[It is a disappointing decision from a seller's position. This time a new
model came out and I was going to give you a free one.\]

"...For free?"

\[I'm lying.\]

...I knew it. There was no way this constellation would see any losses. The Mass
Production Maker seemed to think of something as he held a cigarette in his
mouth. The scattered smoke was sucked into the vents installed before it could
reach me in the passenger's seat.

\[I want to make a contract with your nebula.\]

"Contract?"

\[Do you know what you've done this time?\]

I knew. I couldn't not know.

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is flowing through your
veins\!\]

It was because even now, the result of what I had done was flowing through the
veins in my body.

Torch That Swallowed the Myth.

This story wasn't the 'One Who Erases God's Fingerprints' or 'Person Who
Closes the Door of a Myth' that I had originally intended to obtain. Still,
its essence was similar. The story of fighting against a great nebula and
overthrowing myths. This story would be a counter for the numerous nebulae I
would fight in the future.

\[Many constellations have come to know of Kim Dokja's Company.\]

"Yes."

\[Some of them even claim that you should put your nebula in one of the 12
Great Nebulae.\]

...The 12 Great Nebulae. I didn't realize I was already in a position to hear
this story. The 12 Great Nebulae dominating the Star Stream considered of
three strong, four medium and five weak ones. Olympus, who was located between
the three strong and four medium ones, was greatly upset this time and someone
had to fill that space.

"There are many hasty stars."

\[They're always like this.\]

"Then the Mass Production Maker wants to take advantage of this opportunity to
sign a contract with my nebula."

\[That's right.\]

There was no hesitation in the Mass Production Maker's answer.

\[I'd like to leave this new product's advertisement to your nebula.\]

"That's good. I will ask the members of my nebula."

\[Great. The incarnation I want to appear personally is...\]

I listened to the Mass Production Maker while staring out the window of the
scenes passing by the Ferrarigini. The seasons of the myriad of stories flowed
through the landscape. The seasons of numerous stories flowed in the passing
landscape.

That's right. Suddenly...

"It is fast." As I spoke, I subconsciously grabbed the bottle of star fluid in
my pocket. I had come this far faster than any of the original rounds. Yet
this speed was only a relative speed. I didn't know if this was fast enough.

The Mass Production Maker laughed and said, \[This new product is a bit
faster. You will know if you drive it yourself but the driving sensation is
very...\]

"The time is too slow compared to the driving speed. Are you doing this
intentionally to talk about the contract?"

\[Hum, what are you talking about? I am going the fastest way. Look, it is
already the last intersection.\]

As the Mass Production Maker said, there were three portals emitting a white
light on the other side of the dimension. I didn't ask but the Mass Production
Maker explained.

\[One is the road to Earth and the other is the road to the Context of the
Constellations.\]

"What is the last one?"

\[A road that looks like a 'road'.\]

The Mass Production Maker smiled significantly. It was much darker than other
portals and gave off a shady vibe.

\[Do you know what is at the end?\]

Of course, I didn't know. I might've read Ways of Survival but there wasn't a
description of all the portals in the dimension. In other words, this portal
was a road that didn't exist in Ways of Survival.

"What is it?"

\[It's nothing. It is just a blocked road.\]

The answer came back like it was obvious. Before I could say anything, the
Mass Production Maker continued. \[The end of some roads. The road that looks
different from other roads, it is a road that no one walked or a road that
isn't even a road.\]

The Ferrarigini sped past the dark portal. The sparkling navigation system was
showing the route to Earth. On the screen, the portal we had just gone past
was marked as 'no road'.

\[Such roads are usually cut off in obscure places. The people who chose to
walk along the path believe it is the end.\]

"What is your meaning?"

\[Please choose your path well.\]

The Mass Production Maker put out the cigarette and gave his distinctly gentle
smile.

\[Sometimes the thing that looks like a road isn't a road.\]

The next moment, the landscape of the dimension changed. I saw the appearance
of the blue planet and landed on the ground.

The Mass Production Maker told me, \[We've arrived. Fortunately, this time it
is good.\]

  

* * *

  

The moment I arrive in Seoul, I naturally headed to the Factory. It was to the
hospital ward where patients were admitted. The moment I stepped into the
ward, I heard a voice that was close to a true voice.

\[You came.\]

It sounded like a true voice but it wasn't a true voice. It was a voice where
the dignity of a transcendent could be heard. A blue-white magic power filled
the air. As expected, every teacher wanted to look good in front of their
student.

"This poor disciple is greeting you."

\[There is no time. Leave the greetings for later. Go.\]

Perhaps it was the aftermath of the returnees war but Kyrgios had bandages
wrapped around his body.

"The Heavenly Demon and Blood Demon..."

\[I killed them. Don't talk to me and go quickly.\]

I was amazed by the calm declaration. He survived the Heavenly Demon and Blood
Demon who killed the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint in a past life. I didn't
realize my teacher in this round was so strong.

Aileen found me in the distance and came running. She was the only Story
Expert in the Factory. If she wasn't here, two of the party members would've
already died.

I waved the star fluids and shouted, "I brought the star fluid\!"

"Um, you haven't been told yet but..."

"I already know."

In the distance, two red rooms could be seen. One was the hospital room of Yoo
Sangah and the other...

"How is my mother?"

"Her symptoms are almost the same as Yoo Sangah."

"The severity of the symptoms?"

"More or less the same level..."

I knew that my mother had been overworking herself. The stigma 'Giant Future'
placed a great burden on the user's body. Moreover, the contract with the
nebula itself was in an obscure form and the burden increased even more after
my mother's sponsor lost strength.

Aileen took the star fluids from me and spoke in a dark voice. "I think it is
lacking."

"That's why I have two bottles. They are different types."

I didn't bring only one star fluid. There was the Nectar from Dionysus as well
as the Soma I was originally supposed to receive from Surya.

Aileen's expression glowed as she received the two bottles of star fluids.

"...Medical staff\!"

The staff rushed at her signal towards the two hospital rooms. Someone brushed
past me and the wound in my side caused by Poseidon throbbed. My vision
blurred for a moment.

...I might need to receive treatment. No, it would be strange to be fine after
being hit by a myth-grade constellation. I worked hard to hide the pain from
the wound. My consciousness was unstable. The doors to the hospital rooms
seemed like the entrance to the portal that the Mass Production Maker had
shown me.

\[Are you okay?\]

Kyrgios flew through the air and asked me. I replied that I was fine. To be
exact, it felt like I answered but I lost consciousness for a while.

Once I woke up, I was lying on a chair in the ward. Aileen was standing in
front of me. I endured the pain and stood up.

"...What happened to the two people?" I immediately asked despite my blurred
consciousness.

However, Aileen's expression was strange. "...It isn't enough."

"It isn't enough? What?"

"The two of them worsened faster than I thought. I can barely cure one person
if I use both star fluids."

I couldn't understand the words. Aileen's words sounded like faraway alien
words, like she was an outer god.

"That... what do you mean?"

"Demon King of Salvation."

Aileen formally called out my modifier. She only called me this when she
needed my orders.

The two rooms were wide open, like a portal waiting for me.

"You can only save one person."


