### Chapter 379: Ep. 72 - Three Methods, III

I stared at the queen wearing Han Sooyoung's face.

That person was definitely not her. But then, how could she possibly know what
my name was?

The queen was still smiling away.

"I'm sure you're curious as to how I know your name."

She was the character from this worldview, and she was merely an existence
that acted according to the rules set out by the 'Giant Story'. So, it was
impossible for a person like that to recognise me not as 'Ricardo', but as
'Kim Dokja'.

On top of that, she spoke of things that didn't align with the worldview, yet
the sparks of Probability weren't suppressing her at all.

\[Worldview is considering the possibility of expanding the genre types.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is condoning the current situation.\]

\[Probability restrictions imposed on some words has been relaxed.\]

\[Meta words related to the worldview have been acknowledged\!\]

I wordlessly stared at the queen before activating my skill.

\[Unique Skill, 'Character List', has activated\!\]

<Character Summary>

Name: ???

Age: 50

Overall Evaluation: the applicable individual holds hatred towards you.

The queen's info still didn't want to appear.

I thought that was because it was Han Sooyoung in the beginning. I figured
that, as a person not registered with the Character List, her possession of
the host would make it impossible to check out the information on the queen
herself.

But, what if I was wrong?

"Are you Han Sooyoung?"

"I used to be called that once upon a time."

"What do you mean by that?"

The queen slowly blinked her eyes and continued on with her story. "Do you
know the tale of a certain woman who tried to endure decades upon decades of
time with nothing but her ultimately empty hope?"

"I do know of a man with a similar story."

It was Yoo Joonghyuk who replied in my stead, as he unsheathed his \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\].

The smile remained on the queen's lips as she spoke. "Oh, my pitiful former
lover, it seems that you've come to your own execution ground."

"Our engagement has been annulled already. Call me that one more time, and I
shall slice your head off."

Almost at the same time, the figures of both people disappeared from view. And
then, these two incredible existences collided against each other, as the ear-
shattering sounds of explosions rang out. The ceiling of the training grounds
blew away; the sword winds and magical energy clashed to create a rising
pillar of destructive winds kissing the heavens above.

At a casual glance, they seemed to be evenly matched, but if one were to look
deeper into the flow of the battle itself, then that was definitely not the
case.

After they exchanged dozens of moves in the blink of an eye, Yoo Joonghyuk was
left with a slight injury on his left arm. On the other hand, there was not
one scratch on the queen.

Yoo Joonghyuk was being pushed back. That inconceivably strong dude wasn't
quite powerful enough to contend with the queen of this worldview.

On top of that, Han Sooyoung's speciality, \[Black Flame\]'s aura was rising
up from the queen's left arm, as well.

"Dokja-ssi\! You must get out of there\!"

Lee Hyunsung protected me from the royal guards trying to rush in.

"...Dokja-ssi??"

It seemed that Jung Heewon too had somehow regained her wits. Sadly, though,
there was no time to pay them any mind right now.

The seconds ticked by and the previously-even balance of the battle rapidly
tilted away from Yoo Joonghyuk's favour. Because his opponent today just so
happened to be none other than the 'Triple Master'.

"Han Sooyoung\! You need to wake up\!"

I brought forth the power of the 'Giant Story' without hesitation.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling.\]

The Story I shot into the air above with all my power created a gap in the
fighting in an instant. I didn't miss that opening and jumped into the
battlefield.

The queen grinned and opened her arms wide.

"Oh, the 'Demon King of Salvation'. The woman you're searching for has died a
long time ago."

"Stop making me laugh. Han Sooyoung would never speak in that manner."

"Are you aware of what the lifetime of 50 years means to a person?"

No, I had no idea. I hadn't lived that long yet, after all.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', has begun its storytelling.\]

The entire world seemed to wiggle around, and the figure of Han Sooyoung
living in this land floated up on the empty air.

This was her Story. Her history, as she lived in this world.

More specifically, the history as experienced by her host, 'Yuri di Aristel'.

The beautiful esteemed daughter of an Earl.

A girl brought up for the sake of becoming a new queen.

"Once you turn 18, you shall enter the royal castle."

The Han Sooyoung I know could be seen among the chaotically-rising lines of
texts.

"Fine. In that case, should I become a Swordmaster before I turn 18?"

She began fighting against the world itself. She was living in this world with
a clear, focused expression on her face.

She was experiencing this world with an expression I couldn't recognise.

"Why is a young girl swinging around a sword?"

"Magic is nothing but an illusion."

Certain cliches would try to hinder a person with the pretext of being
cliches. And the Han Sooyoung I know hated cliches more than anyone out there.

"Screw it, you think I'll marry just because you say so?\! Bring someone
stronger than me, than I'll marry that person, then\!"

Countless men stepped forward to take possession of the Earl's beautiful
daughter. Among them were famed knights of the archipelago as well as renowned
magicians.

Han Sooyoung became stronger and stronger in order to defeat all the potential
suitors with her own hands.

At the end of the harsh training soaked in her blood and sweat, she became the
Swordmaster, and eventually rose up as the Ninth Circle Archmage, and finally,
the master of fear who controlled the powers of an evil dragon.

Her flesh became younger through the power of the Swordmaster, and the aura
from the evil black flame enhanced her air of mysteriousness even further.

Ironically, though  the stronger she got, the world grew to desire her even
more.

Han Sooyoung continued to fight against such a world.

She spent a far longer life in this place than she did on Earth, and did her
very best to diligently endure that lengthy period of time.

Her Story carried on with its storytelling, but I couldn't hear it anymore
from a certain point onwards.

It was lonesome. I felt a sense of rebellion. Even though Han Sooyoung was in
this world alongside me...

...It felt as if she was so, so far away.

"This isn't Han Sooyoung's world."

"Who are you to decide that? You have known her for less than four years, no
more than that. And if you count the days you spent with her, it'd be less
than one year, even."

That was probably all true.

"What do you really know about Han Sooyoung?"

I recalled the Han Sooyoung that I knew in my head.

A person with a strong pride who didn't know how to apologise or take back
what she said; a person who pursued efficiency, but who'd readily give up on
that very efficiency for the sake of her companions.

A person who acted all selfish and the like, but who'd always go "You guys
can't do anything without me" and get ready to risk her life...

...In what kind of manner did she speak?

Was the Han Sooyoung I knew the real 'Han Sooyoung'?

Did she still exist in the story that I know?

"The Han Sooyoung you knew no longer exists. The past 50 years had moulded her
into a brand new existence. And that is precisely me."

The Giant Story rushing out from behind the queen's back emitted incredibly
dense fighting intent in our direction.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is excluding your existences.\]

In front of the time spanning 50 years, the memories of the short time Han
Sooyoung and I shared together gradually looked pathetic and insignificant.

To make sure that the memories wouldn't grow any more insignificant, I forced
out a smile and had to open my mouth. "As I thought, you are not Han Sooyoung.
She's not as serious as you, you know."

There was a faint trace of agitation in the queen's expression.

And from that hint of unrest, I became certain of 'who' this queen was.
Without a doubt, she was infinitely closer to being Han Sooyoung. However, she
could never fully be her.

"You are none other than 'Yuri di Aristel', the daughter of the Earl and who
just so happened to watch Han Sooyoung's life for the longest time. You
probably seized the opening created by the Giant Story swallowing Han Sooyoung
up and took over her body."

"..."

"Now, speak. Where is the real Han Sooyoung?"

Instead of a verbal answer, an incredible Status poured out from her entire
body.

Kwa-dudududu\!\!\!

As if the intense battle we fought until now was nothing but a warm-up, the
waves of Status unshackled from her entire being crashed into us, causing our
bodies to become rooted to the spot  Yoo Joonghyuk, Lee Hyunsung, Jung
Heewon, and me.

The queen slowly made her way towards us as our movements were completely
sealed now.

I asked her. "Are you planning to kill us all?"

"Kill you?" A derisive smirk floated up on her lips. "Looks like you still
don't know much about this scenario. Since you all have survived this far,
that means none of you will die. I, and... Han Sooyoung, also wishes for that."

"However, you tried to execute me earlier, didn't you?"

"That was your assigned test. And you were scheduled to be rescued by the
First Prince, anyway," the queen laughed as if she was Han Sooyoung. "And now,
the end of this scenario is upon us."

Sparks danced in the air and the new scenario message could be heard now.

\[The deciding moment for the Genre Selection has arrived\!\]

\[You must select this worldview's genre\!\]

The queen stared at the air and spoke. "The end of this world has always
remained the same."

A sense of desolation refined through a lengthy period of time brushed past
her expression.

The Isle of Reincarnators was a series of islands where the dead Stories were
put on display like stuffed animals. It was a grave of Stories that managed to
continue existing by supplying suitable stages to other scenarios.

I could more or less guess the life she had lived until now.

The archipelago of Kaizenix must've offered up hundreds of 'possession
scenario' and hundreds of Ricardos and Schweichens must've resolved their
stories in their own preferred manner.

"The protagonist became a better person by braving all sorts of trials and
tribulations, and finally gets his hands on wealth, honour and the love of his
life, heading towards the inevitable happy ending. Although the progress of
this scenario had been a bit more peculiar... In the end, the conclusion won't
change. So, let us just end this already."

She spoke in a fed-up tone of voice. And then, issued an order to me. "Marry
me, Ricardo Von Kaizenix."

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me with a dumbfounded expression. Lee Hyunsung and
Jung Heewon freaked out and began shouting something in my direction.

I calmly asked a question, instead. "Is that the conclusion of this scenario?"

"That's right."

"If I marry you, are you going to let us move on to the next scenario?"

"Also correct, but with the exception of one person."

One person, she said.

The deep-seated shadow of avarice danced within the eyes of the queen. "Han
Sooyoung must remain in this world. You see, I really like her. And you shall
become the tragic lovers saying goodbye inside a scenario."

\[Genre of the applicable scenario is tilting towards 'Romance'.\]

\[Scenario clear condition will be fulfilled as soon as the genre has been
confirmed.\]

This world was negotiating with us for a deal, telling us to abandon Han
Sooyoung.

"Living in this world, and not in her original world, suits her better."

That might be true as well.

Rather than 'Han Sooyoung' of <Kim Dokja's Company>, 'Han Sooyoung' of
'Kaizenix Archipelago' might be able to enjoy a happier life, instead. The
queen arrogantly staring down at me extended her left hand out.

"Stand up and kiss my hand. And say your farewell to your long-time
companion."

It was a white hand; Han Sooyoung would have fought against this world with
that hand.

On the back of her white hand, I could see dozens of scars and calloused skin.
Just, for what purpose did she fight so hard like that?

I recalled her book tucked away within my inner pocket and raised my voice.
"...Just like you said, I do not know Han Sooyoung."

"Indeed, you've finally acknowledged it."

"That is why I definitely can't let her go."

"What was that??"

"You see, I haven't heard the conclusion of this story from her yet."

I slowly got up from my spot while summoning up every ounce of strength I
possessed, in order to resist this world's Story.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

\[Giant Story, 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth', is roaring out\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is nodding its head.\]

The queen's expression changed and she glared at me. "You're ruining a
scenario on the verge of completion."

"Nope, this is the way it's supposed to go."

"...What was that?"

"I've been curious about this since the beginning. Out of all the potential
scenarios out there, why were we thrown into this 'Kaizenix Archipelago' in
the first place? However, when I thought about it, the reason was actually
quite simple."

I pulled out a certain sword from my inner pocket and spoke. "That's because I
am the legitimate heir to the throne in this scenario."

The Unbroken Faith glowed brightly and emitted blinding rays of pure light.

\[Worldview is reacting to the Star Relic 'Unbroken Faith'\!\]

\[Applicable Star Relic belongs to this particular worldview.\]

\[Natural abilities of the Star Relic are increasing tremendously\!\]

The First Ancestor of the Kaizenix Archipelago was the legendary Storm King,
Ulysses Kaizenix  and this was his sword.

"T-that sword is...?\!"

"That's the sword of the Storm King\!"

The royal guards recognised the sword and they all collapsed down to the
ground. The queen fell into a state of panic and began pouring out her
powerful physical aura and magical energy in my direction.

Unfortunately for her, though, not even the power of a Swordmaster nor that of
an Archmage could do much in front of the Unbroken Faith.

\[Star Relic, 'Unbroken Faith', is crying out\!\]

This was the true power of the 'Star Relic'; it would exhibit a near-
omnipotent level of power when inside the Story where it was created.

My hand gripping the sword began trembling non-stop. Sure, the Star Relic
itself might be powerful, but 'Ricardo Von Kaizenix' simply didn't possess
enough strength to hold the weapon for too long. That was why I needed to end
this as quickly as possible.

I smacked away the queen's magical energy waves and got closer to her, a step
at the time. By the time I reached her, she had fallen on her butt.

She was carrying an expression of resignation ever since she saw the sword.

\[You have chosen the route of 'Dynastic Revolution'.\]

\[You must kill the queen.\]

\[Genre of the applicable scenario is tilting towards 'Fantasy'...\]

Han Sooyoung's book said that there were three ways to complete this scenario.
Unfortunately, she left out the most crucial 'third method' in her book.

If I kill the queen now, then Han Sooyoung would die, as well. But, if I marry
her, then she would be left behind. In that case, how should I conclude this
tale, then?

What would be the end of the scenario that Han Sooyoung wanted?

The queen spoke. "Hurry, and kill me."

"If I do that, then I'd become a true king. And end the scenario right here."

Han Sooyoung didn't tell me the correct answer. As if she was telling me to
use my own imagination for something like that.

That was why I decided to carry out what I thought was the correct solution.
The method to save Han Sooyoung without killing the queen and still manage to
seize the throne.

"The thing is, though, I'm already the 'king of a kingless world'."

"What was that?"

"Not only that, I'm the head representative of <Kim Dokja's Company>, and the
heir of the Underworld, too."

I looked at the queen's scar-filled hands. Han Sooyoung became a Swordmaster
and an Archmage through those hands.

The Han Sooyoung that I knew wasn't someone who'd set a simple goal of
'survival' in this world. Because she was an author who knew how to look at
the bigger picture.

I smiled and raised my voice. "You see, I'm really fed up with being a king."

\[You have chosen a course that has never been thought of before.\]

\[Worldview is flustered by your selection.\]

I held the queen's hand and slowly helped her up. And rather than kissing her
hand, I placed Unbroken Faith in there, instead.

"What are you trying to do? This..."

"Don't be mistaken. I'm not trying to give you the ruler's position."

"Then, what?"

"The one who'll become the king isn't you, but my companion."

As the queen's eyes grew wider, I finished what I wanted to say.

"It'll be Han Sooyoung from <Kim Dokja's Company>."

In the following moment, there was an explosion of scenario messages before my
eyes.

\[Error has occurred during the scenario's selection process\!\]

\[Potential genre option, 'Fantasy', is falling apart\!\]

\[Potential genre option, 'Fusion fantasy', is falling apart\!\]

\[Potential genre option, 'Romance', is falling apart\!\]

\[Hidden option, 'Genre: Kim Dokja's Company', is activating\!\]

...

...

And then, someone spoke to me.

You've managed to figure it out, haven't you, Kim Dokja.


