### Chapter 213: Ep. 40 - Hatching, IV

Yoo Joonghyuk's wrinkles deepened as he stared at the symbolic figure shaped
like a doll. "...How are you sending an indirect message without a channel?"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says it is possible if the
symbolic body is in contact with the incarnation.\]

Uriel's symbolic body was the doll on Yoo Joonghyuk's shoulder. Yoo Joonghyuk
gently poked the symbolic figure with a finger.

"Is it okay to do this?"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says it will be okay as long as
it isn't caught by a dokkaebi.\]

"No, I'm not talking about the dokkaebi."

Uriel initially didn't understand what he was saying. Yoo Joonghyuk pointed to
the side of the doll.

The doll cocked her head and then covered her mouth with both eyes.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is deeply moved by the heart of
the incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says it is a bit painful.\]

There were weak sparks around Uriel's symbolic body. It was because the Demon
Realm was a taboo for her, an archangel. The Demon Realm was the domain of the
demon kings. Uriel was taking an unnatural risk and forced to bear the brunt
of her probability being exhausted. Uriel moved to clinging to his arms and
Yoo Joonghyuk asked her, "Why are you going so far to look for Kim Dokja?"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking if it isn't the same
for you.\]

"There seems to be a misunderstanding. I..."

In fact, the Demon Realm was originally a place where he would've never come.
The difficulty here was incomparable to other scenarios of the same rank. It
was comforting that this was the 73rd Demon Realm. There were no demon kings
and the ruler would be a duke at most. This much was worth a try. Above all,
he was much stronger than he was at the same point in his previous
regressions.

"I just don't like people impersonating me. It doesn't matter if it is Kim
Dokja or not."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is laughing.\]

"There are also many usable items in the Demon Realm..."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is laughing loudly.\]

"Do it one more time and I will rip apart your body."

Yoo Joonghyuk turned his head and gazed at the wide horizon. Perhaps that
bastard was somewhere in this desolate world. In this silent world, Yoo
Joonghyuk finally started moving.

  

* * *

  

The Syswitz Industrial Complex.

The atmosphere of the duke's office was much more unusual than usual as Earl
Silocke sweated while reporting.

"...Therefore, we plan to control access into and out of the industrial complex
while the revolution is ongoing."

Silocke's heart sank several times as the face of the Gilobat envoy distorted
in front of him. This

person might be Gilobat's envoy but he wasn't the one in charge of the
delegation.

Explosive Ombros. He was a marquis of the Gilobat Industrial Complex and the
most prominent candidate to be the next duke of the 73rd Demon Realm. Silocke
gasped for breath as he saw the fire glowing in Ombros' eyes. He might've fled
if it hadn't been for Duke Syswitz standing at the window and looking outside
leisurely.

"...That's why I am asking the Gilobat envoys to stay here for a while."

"Have you finished speaking?"

"Y-Yep\! T-Then I will go..."

Silocke hurriedly opened the office door and ran away. Meanwhile, Ombros took
a few deep breaths to control his temper. It was an annoying situation but he
couldn't act as usual. It was because the strongest existence in the 73rd
Demon Realm, Syswitz was behind him.

Duke Syswitz stared out the window for a while before smiling. "That's what
happened."

"...What am I supposed to do?"

"I'm sorry but you can't leave. Please stay in the Syswitz Industrial Complex
for the time being."

In the end, Ombros exploded. "...Don't you know these words can cause diplomatic
issues?"

"You're too sensitive. It is just a protection measure for the envoys of the
alliance."

"Is it because of the revolutionary?"

"Seven executioners and two marquises have died. It has been a long time since
this happened."

The last phase of the Revolutionary Scenario would start when all executioners
in the complex died. Strictly speaking, Duke Syswitz was in a crisis right
now. Unlike his words, there was no sense of crisis in Duke Syswitz'
expression. Ombros didn't like this contradiction and complained, "A
revolutionary appearing at this time... you must want to save face, Duke
Syswitz."

"Really? I think it is fun. It has been 30 years since a revolutionary emerged
in Syswitz. Sometimes this event is needed."

"You are speaking like the constellations."

"Why not? The story isn't only related to the constellations."

Ombros would've scoffed if a normal incarnation had said this. However, Duke
Syswitz was qualified to say such things. He wasn't comparable to the
'historical-grade constellation's but Syswitz was a monster who had ruled the
73rd Demon Realm for 400 years.

"It is good to have as many stories as possible before the beginning of the
demon king competition.

The more powerful the revolutionary that appeared, the better it is for me."

He never even thought about being hit by the revolution.

"Why are you so confident that you can stop the revolution?" Ombros asked.

"Why do you think?"

Ombros' eyes sank at the question. Maybe it was an obvious story. Syswitz had
lost two marquises in this incident.

"I hope you won't betray Gilobat."

"Haha, who said that?"

"I'm telling you this personally."

"I will also give you a piece of advice. Do you think that Duke Gilobat can
become the demon king?"

Ombros was a bit upset by the words. Syswitz didn't give him time to think.

"Or do you think Melledon and Bercan can become the new demon king?"

"...I can't answer this question."

"No, you can answer it. It is because everyone knows who is the strongest of
the four dukes in the 73rd Demon Realm."

Ombros gulped. This calm declaration could sound so scary. Once again, the
oldest duke of the 73rd Demon Realm couldn't be ignored.

"It won't be easy. Melledon has joined hands with Vedas."

"He isn't the only one who can borrow the power of the constellations."

"These words..."

Duke Syswitz stared at the sky outside the window instead of answering.

"The dokkaebis will come soon. Then what will happen next?"

Now the night sky was completely dark. However, soon there would be many stars
in the night sky. Then the other demon kings would show up as a response to
the emergence of the constellations.

Marquis Ombros felt a heart-shaking sensation.

Finally, the 73rd Demon Realm would become a battleground for a proper
scenario.

"...Is there a channel liaison yet?"

"I put in a request to the bureau."

At this moment, Ombros realized why Syswitz didn't look for support. Once the
dokkaebis appeared and the full-fledged scenarios began, the constellations
would gather towards the bigger events. Suddenly, some thoughts ran through
his head.

"It wouldn't be bad for there to be a small entertainment before the full-
fledged Demon King competition begins. The constellations love slaughter."

"Is that why you are leaving the revolution alone?"

Syswitz stared at the smoke with a strange smile. Ombros sighed bitterly.
"...You were born evil."

Every conflict in this world was a commodity. Now Syswitz was selling the
lives of the many civilians in the industrial complex to seek the attention of
the constellations.

"Thank you for the compliment."

Ombros shook his head like he was tired. If he planned this production then
Duke Syswitz would surely be preparing for a greater blow. It wasn't difficult
to predict what would happen in the industrial complex.

"I can see movement in the Factory."

The most powerful story weapon possessed by the dukes, the Factory. Duke
Syswitz nodded. "I have already prepared it so you will see sooner or later."

Anticipation filled Ombros' eyes. The most powerful person in the 73rd Demon
Realm. It wasn't a common opportunity to see him in action. Then...

\[The \#BI-90594 channel has been created in the 'Syswitz Industrial Complex'
area.\]

Ombros heard the message and stood up with amazement.

"Did you call the dokkaebis already?"

Once he saw the expression on Duke Syswitz' face, Ombros realized this wasn't
part of the plan.

The door of the office opened and somebody ran in.

"Duke\!" I'm sorry but I have an urgent report"

It was Earl Silocke who previously fled from this place. Syswitz quickly
managed his facial expression and replied, "Tell me."

His report was probably related to the emergence of the new channel. However,
unexpected words emerged from Silocke's mouth.

"The Factory isn't operating hard enough."

Duke Syswitz made an embarrassed expression.

"...What does that mean? Didn't I tell you to replenish it?"

"T-That... it looks like all the civilians who came to work have stolen the
story fragments."

Ombros noticed how things were progressing and said, "It seems this
revolutionary is using his head. Perhaps the dokkaebis moved first because of
him..."

"That is impossible. The negotiations with the bureau haven't ended yet."

Duke Syswitz frowned at the unexpected situation and immediately gave
instructions. "Send the supervisors and slaves to the horizon. Have them
collect more story fragments."

"I have already sent them. By the way..."

Duke Syswitz hadn't realized that the report wasn't over. Earl Silocke's
shoulders hunched over like he was afraid of how the duke would react.

"Just... I lost contact with the supervisor who went out to collect the story
fragments."

  

* * *

  

The horizon near the Syswitz Industrial Complex. Jang Hayoung kicked the body
of the dead supervisor and said, "It seems that the duke has been preparing
for quite a while. Ordering a collection of this scale..."

It was an extra large collection with thousands of slaves mobilized. The
situation was resolved but it would've been dangerous if we had been a bit
later. It was impossible to launch a full-scale war against the Factory when
my incarnation body wasn't yet intact. Things would've become worst if these
story fragments entered the Factory.

"You are good." I glanced at Han Myungoh beside me.

He knew the duke would move in this way. If Han Myungoh hadn't been the spy, I
wouldn't have guessed the exact timing to put the plan into action. Han
Myungoh was elated by my praise and laughed.

"Hum, who am I? Aren't I the 'Brain of Mino Soft?"

"You can use that as a modifier if you ever become a constellation."

I smiled at Han Myungoh. At first, I didn't like being on the same side as
this person. Now I thought it wasn't a bad choice.

"Bring the slaves over here\! I will start repairing those who are still sane
first."

Now that I had decided to wage war properly, I could feel something different
from Aileen and the citizens. I watched them and controlled my heart. The baby
dokkaebi who looked like cotton candy sat on my shoulder and cried out.
"Baat\!"

Her memories hadn't been recovered but every dokkaebi had the instincts of a
streamer. They filled in the scenarios where there should be a story.

\[A new sub scenario has arrived\!\]

\[The Sub Scenario'Liberate the Slaves' has started\!\]

"Thank you."

I lightly stroked her head and Biyoo shouted, "Daat\!"

It might not be possible for me to enter the main scenario but I could receive
a sub scenario whenever there was an opportunity. It might be a temporary
measure but if I kept building up sub scenarios, I would be able to recover
enough to face the duke.

 Kim Dokja thought: There is nothing urgent. Time is still on my side. I now
need to thoroughly prepare to safely pass the Demon Realm's scenario. 

I sincerely thought this. At least, until I heard an unexpected message.

\[A new constellation has entered the \#BI-90594 channel.\]


