### Chapter 275: Ep. 51 - Giant Story, IV

The Olympians swept away Seongnam in an instant and slowly narrowed the siege
around Gong Pildu's fortress.

\[Isn't this stage too small for us to come forward?\]

The constellations thought it was disgraceful. It was natural. There were no
constellations who could build up anything from this scenario. Amidst these
unmotivated constellations, a constellation wearing a crown and holding an
ancient spear and shield spoke.

\[Stop complaining. Once this is over, Father says he will suggest our
promotion to the 12 gods.\]

\[Oedipus? Really?\]

The expressions of the constellations changed due to the words of the Blind
King's Heir. Promotion in the nebula meant their stakes in the giant stories
were increased.

\[Haha, can we reach one decimal place?\]

The stakes in a giant story were one of the measures of a constellation's
strength. More stakes meant more probability, which was a source of escaping
from the constraints of many scenarios.

\[Let's finish it and go back.\]

The constellations finally started to advance to the armed fortress. It
happened the moment their star relics were shining. The sky was covered by a
dark dome and light disappeared from it. The historical-grade constellations
approaching the armed fortress stopped at the appalling darkness.

\[...What?\]

The lights in the area were turned off by the clouds that came. It wasn't just
this area. The darkness covered the entire Korean Peninsula. Even the sparks
of probability were covered by the deep darkness.

The Blind King's Heir stared up at the sky with bewildered eyes.

\[Is it the queen of the Underworld?\]

The only nebula that could descend to the Korean Peninsula today was Olympus.
In addition, there were few constellations of Olympus who could use such a
large amount of probability.

One of the constellations emitted a faint light to reveal the surroundings but
it quickly disappeared. It was like a black hole that sucked out all the
light.

The anxious constellations shouted. \[Your Majesty\! If you have come then
please say it\]

One of the constellations suddenly gave a warning. \[Something is coming...\!\]

A dark object was fired from the sky and pierced the chest of one
constellation.

\[Keeeeok...\!\]

It was an object like a dragon's claw. The confused constellation coughed up
blood and tried to pull out the claw, but the claw grew increasingly larger
and soon burst through the constellation's body. The constellation let out a
sound before becoming part of the darkness. The frightened constellations
screamed.

\[U-Uhhhhh\!\]

They heard the sound but couldn't avoid it. It meant...

This existence had a completely different 'status' from them. The queen of the
underworld wasn't this much.

\[Run away...\!\]

The Blind King's Heir discovered the situation and ordered a retreat. Then an
enormous amount of sparks burst from the armed fortress. The intense light
that the darkness couldn't swallow revealed the open door of the fortress
leading to the dark city. There was a woman with a small body.

The first one to discover her was the Blind King's Heir who trembled.

\[W-Why are you...?\]

The shadows of black flames were swirling around her body. The face of a
little boy with red eyes underneath black hair flashed. The boy with one arm
bandaged raised his hand and the shadow of a dragon covered the sky. White
fangs were bared.

As the boy laughed, the darkness of the world breathed. Then the massacre
began.

  

* * *

  

King Oedipus couldn't hide his astonishment as he stared at the scene on the
screen.

\[The constellation 'Blind King's Heir' has been removed from the scenario.\]

\[The constellation 'Thebes' Gatekeeper' has been removed from the scenario.\]

The shadow of a dragon was tearing up the fleeing constellations on the
screen. Fortunately, Han Sooyoung wasn't too late.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is letting out wild
laughter.\]

Ahahahahaha\!

Han Sooyoung had a bandage around one arm and half covered her face as she
burst out laughing. She was really a match for the black dragon. She acted so
well that I didn't know why she hated it so far.

King Oedipus stared at me and exclaimed, \[How come... why is a candidate of the
apocalypse...\]

Candidate of the apocalypse... Well, King Oedipus would have that type of
information. The Abyssal Black Flame Dragon was one of the candidates of the
apocalypse.

\[Many constellations are astonished by your scheme.\]

\[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' is nodding.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is feeling pure admiration.\]

\[You have acquired a new story\!\]

\[The story 'Kill with a Borrowed Knife' has been acquired.\]

I watched Gyeonggi-do covered in darkness and licked my lips. Attracting the
Abyssal Black Flame Dragon was a last resort. It could've brought about a
bigger disaster. However, there was Han Sooyoung and the promise made with the
black dragon. Thus, he wouldn't destroy the Korean Peninsula.

\[Ku...ock...\]

King Oedipus bowed his head and let out an unknown groan. We saw the unusual
appearance and Yoo Joonghyuk and I raised our swords at the same time.

\[You...\!\]

King Oedipus' son was among the constellations who suffered under the black
dragon. There was the possibility that the enraged Oedipus wouldn't be able to
control his emotions.

\[I will kill you\!\]

As expected, the constellations who survived with Oedipus released their
status at the same time. I had a giant story but it wasn't enough power. The
moment I was about to trigger Electrification, something rose from the ground
and caught Oedipus' neck.

\[Cough\!\]

The huge Surya moved one of his four arms and held onto Oedipus' neck. King
Oedipus stared at Surya with surprise.

\[W-Why?\]

\[Stop it.\]

Surya's heavy status pressed down on the other constellation.

\[Don't look so ugly anymore.\]

\[I won't listen to the words of a dog who lost the fight\! It can't end like
this...\!\]

The next moment, King Oedipus' body exploded. The brutally exploded body
scattered into ashes in front of Surya's eyes. The movements of the
constellations stiffened and they nervously stepped back.

Despite the severe injuries, Surya still had the power to stand up alone... it
was a phenomenal vitality.

I quickly calculated the power of my remaining companions. If we hit Surya
right now...

\[It is our defeat.\]

For a moment, I thought I heard wrong. However, the words had definitely
emerged from Surya's mouth. I bit my lips as joy boiled from deep inside my
heart. The great Lokapala had admitted defeat.

\[The winner of the Demon King Selection has been determined.\]

There were screams from afar as the ensuing system messages came. They were
the screams of the dukes defeated in the Demon King Selection.

One by one, the bodies of the constellations staring at us scattered. The
scenario ended and the Star Stream started to recall the probability that they
were allowed. Surya's body was also disappearing.

I opened my mouth before Surya's body completely disappeared. I wanted to ask.
Why did he suddenly change his mind?

\[The Demon King of Salvation.\]

However, I shut my mouth the moment I saw Surya's eyes. In retrospect, Surya
wasn't an ordinary constellation. He was one of the great Lokapala. It was
rather strange that such a constellation would use cowardly tricks against us.
Perhaps this 'selection' had dealt a significant blow to his reputation and
pride.

Surya slowly blinked and asked, \[Did you get the qualification of the end?\]

"I'll probably get it. And you also..."

Surya's eyes shone terribly, as if he was dismissing the trivial comfort.

\[I will watch your story.\]

Surya would also get the qualification of the end one day. Then the day would
come when we meet again. It wasn't here but in the later scenarios of the Star
Stream.

\[And...\]

In a short moment, Surya's gaze turned towards the fragments of the destroyed
train. They were fragments of the car where Surya and I faced each other.
However, the appearance of some fragments was a bit strange. They weren't
broken from the battle with me. They were scars carved on the train from
before.

"I know."

\[That's right. You understand.\]

Surya finally disappeared with these words. The pressure on the surroundings
vanished and a curious silence took its place. I didn't feel it was real. I
calmly practiced what I had planned and was lucky with several things. Then I
came all this way.

\[The 25th main scenario has ended.\]

I turned my head and saw Yoo Joonghyuk watching Surya's disappearance.

\[The main scenario 'Demon King Selection' has been cleared.\]

\[The rewards for the selection are being prepared.\]

\[A new demon king has appeared in the Demon Realm\!\]

\[You have become the master of the 73rd Demon Realm\!\]

There was the explosive system message and Yoo Joonghyuk and I simultaneously
looked up at the sky. The gazes of countless beings poured towards me from the
sky.

\[The demon king 'Ruler of the East Hell' is looking at you.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Principles' is curious about you.\]

\[The demon king 'Black Mane Lion' is inviting you to his demon realm.\]

.

.

\[The constellation 'Mass Production Maker' is sending his congratulations.\]

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' has sent you a gift.\]

\[The constellation 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' is proposing a toast.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is greatly pleased.\]

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is wary of you.\]

It was an incomparable amount of attention. There were strong people similar
to me to distant beings who I couldn't even look at their toes.

There was a pause and then Jang Hayoung's voice was heard. "...It's over."

I nodded and looked around.

Lee Hyunsung carried Jung Heewon while watching the sky. Lee Jihye supported
the injured Yoo Sangah and waved at me while Shin Yoosung held onto my sleeve
and looked up at me. The Breaking the Sky Master held the small Osu in her
mouth and barked lightly. Han Myungoh held Asmodeus' incarnation body in his
arms and let out a weary breath. On the rocky hill not far away, I could see
the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios. The injured Brash Swamp Predator
was curled up and Cheok Jungyeong was sitting on his back.

It was an ordeal that couldn't be overcome without any of them.

\[Your 'nebula' is well known in the Star Stream.\]

\[A large number of constellations remember the nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company
\(Temporary\)'.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk heard the message and frowned. "...The name needs to be changed."

I smiled at the guy who had his pride in a strange place. It wouldn't be bad
to brainstorm names for the nebula sooner or later.

It felt that the darkness was retreating from the sky. I could breathe for a
moment from the seemingly endless trials.

\[Your first 'giant story' is fully blooming.\]

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has been acquired.\]

Citizens started emerging from the ruined industrial complex. People were
intoxicated by the unbelievable victory. Some people shouted while others
called out mine and Yoo Joonghyuk's names. I could also see Aileen and Mark.

\[The Star Stream is satisfied with your giant story.\]

\[You have earned the qualification of the end.\]

Finally, there were the messages I had been waiting for.

\[The hidden scenario - 'A Single Story' has begun\!\]

\[Your legendary stories has formed an opening act.\]

\[The 'initial' portion of your first giant story has been completed\!\]

After a long period of enduring, the first footstep towards the final scenario
was taken.

\[You have been given the authority of .\]

\[The  filtering is turned off.\]

It was the moment when the information of the last chapter, which had long
been covered with a veil, finally appeared in front of my eyes.


