### Chapter 431: Ep. 81 - A dumpling's reminiscence, IV

The ensuing scenario afterwards proved to be plain sailing. Zhu Bajie had a
big role to play in that.

\[Current rate of Journey to the West's progress: 24%\]

The Journey to the West had the storyline of overcoming a total of 81
different adversities in the 14-year period. But, as the original work used
the stories passed down orally as its foundation, this level of changes didn't
seem to matter one jot.

Even then, I couldn't help but wonder if the story was progressing a bit too
fast when we hadn't even met Sha Wujing yet. And I also kind of wondered who'd
play that role, too.

"Ku-waaahk\!"

Currently, Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] was busy cutting the
heads off the unlucky bandits that showed up as a sort of intermission event.

\[A portion of judges are dissatisfied by the viciousness of 'Zhu Bajie'\!\]

\[Audience members are satisfied with the taste of the Journey to the West's
cider\!\]

\[10 additional points have been acquired.\]

Even back in the original story, Zhu Bajie and Sun Wukong often killed all
human-type villains they came across. That resulted in 'Tang Sanzang'
lecturing them, or when the matter became too serious, they even suffered
expulsion, too.

There were quite a few readers who felt turned-off by the stuffy uptightness
of Tang Sanzang, though.

"Joonghyuk ahjussi, how about sparing those people...?"

\[A portion of judges are satisfied by the reflection of the original work.\]

\[Many audience members are arrested by Tang Sanzang's adorableness.\]

\[20 additional points have been acquired.\]

For sure, the question of who was playing the role seemed to make a big
difference overall.

The leader of the bandits, beaten up to within an inch of his life by Yoo
Joonghyuk, yelled out as if he was furious about his treatment. "Keu-euh-euk\!
Who would've thought that a mere Zhu Bajie was that strong\!"

Surprisingly, he was someone that I knew.

Kids next to me whispered to each other.

"Poor Myungoh ahjussi."

The department chief Han Myungoh activated \[One-legged Swift Horse\] and
while running away as if his butt was on fire, sent us a knowing wink.

To think that Han Myungoh was one of the players participating here, too.

It seemed that he was hired to perform multiple roles, specifically as leaders
of various bandit troupes. Shin Yoosung softly muttered as we watched his
distancing back. "Heewon unni said that it was okay."

Yoo Joonghyuk returned to our side while lightly polishing the \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\]. He especially paid more attention to the center of the
blade. When I took a closer look, a minute crack could be spotted there.

His sword was broken on the battlefield of the 'Great War of Saints and
Demons'.

This would be his second sword to be broken after the \[Splitting the Sky
Sword\]. Even if he didn't show it, he must've been hurting over this whole
thing.

It'd be good if he could get himself a new weapon from this 'Journey to the
West'...

But, I couldn't recall any weapons that might suit him. Sun Wukong's Ruyi
Jingu Bang wasn't the type of weapon that Yoo Joonghyuk was familiar with, and
Zhu Bajie's Nine-Tooth Spike Rake didn't match his taste. No need to even
mention Sha Wujing's Demon Slaying Staff, either...

Maybe he found me, deeply submerged in my thoughts, suspicious, as he suddenly
addressed me off-handedly. "Thankfully, you behaved yourself."

\(Interpretation: Senior brother\! Are you injured anywhere?\)

I couldn't help but glare at the narration floating up in the air.

What the heck was that now?

"Behave yourself even in the future. Then I won't kill you."

\(Interpretation: Fufufu, Senior Brother, do not worry. Even if I have to
sacrifice my life, I shall definitely protect you.\)

I became slightly dismayed and glared at the sky.

Hey, there's just no way he'd be thinking like that. Besides, Yoo Joonghyuk
would never laugh "Fufufu" in his life.

Han Sooyoung, you dumbass...

\[A fair number of audience members are greatly moved by Zhu Bajie's inner
thoughts\!\]

\[A fair number of audience members have fallen deeply for Zhu Bajie's
magnetism\!\]

\[One of the audience members wish to sponsor Coins.\]

\[Judge, 'Cleanser of Altars', is greatly satisfied\!\]

\[50 additional points have been acquired\!\]

...What an outstanding author she was.

\(The journey proved to be rather uneventful. Sun Wukong began thinking. Is
this what it means to lead a 'retired life'?\)

In any case, the trip was indeed quite stress-free, as long as I excluded the
constant war of nerves with Yoo Joonghyuk, that was.

As for Yogoes or bandits that periodically appeared, either the kids or Yoo
Joonghyuk took care of them even before I could spot them.

"Oii, Mister Demon King of Salvation. You must be really comfortable, aren't
you?"

"Yes. It's all thanks to you the Masters."

I should also thank Han Sooyoung for me getting referred to as the 'Demon King
of Salvation' even though my identity hadn't been revealed yet.

This \[I've become the retired SSSSS-rank Sun Wukong\] had a strange backstory
of Sun Wukong being nicknamed the 'Demon King of Salvation' in his past. I
couldn't really figure out why she'd use such a nickname here...

\[A portion of audience members like the story where the 'Demon King of
Salvation' is treated poorly.\]

\[10 additional points have been acquired.\]

...Nope, I think I know now.

"Stop picking a fight with someone you're not familiar with, you dummy."

"No, that's not it. I mean, he should earn his keep, right? Dokja hyung told
me that even if your body's relaxing, your head should still be working
overtime."

I definitely never said that. When you were relaxing, you should relax your
mind, too.

Lee Gilyoung narrowed his eyes to a slit and stared at me while adding a few
more words on top. "That's why you should give up some tasty info already. I
mean, you're supposed to be a second-turn Sun Wukong according to the
backstory, right? Don't you know where we can find some hidden elixirs or
something?"

"...Mm. Sure, I know of a few."

Indeed, the 'Journey to the West' did feature quite a few useful elixirs. Such
as, the \[Peach of Immortality\] that Sun Wukong ate, or the \[Ginseng Fruit\]
the group finds during the journey itself.

"One of the best elixirs can be found nearby."

"Really? Where?"

I didn't reply and simply stared at Lee Gilyoung.

"Where is it? Hurry up and spit it out\!"

Before I could explain, the narration began first.

\(In the original Journey to the West, Tang Sanzang was kidnapped by Yogoes
dozens of times because of the legend that any creature devouring the monk
would ascend to the heavenly world. But that made sense, considering that Tang
Sanzang was the reincarnation of Golden Cicada, the disciple of Buddha who had
gone through ten cycles of rebirth.\)

While watching the jaws of the two kids drop gradually, I added an extra
explanation on top. "Most likely, you Masters are the best-known elixirs found
within the entirety of the 'Journey to the West'."

Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung flinched before taking quick steps away from one
another, and glared fiercely at each other.

"Hey, Shin Yoosung, you don't need a finger or two, now do you...?"

"You probably don't need anything above your neck, though?"

Watching the kids growl at each other like that, I couldn't help but snicker
on the side. The dumpling on my shoulder didn't seem to be happy with my
current actions and whispered to me.

 This is no time to snicker like a fool. It's you who needs an elixir or two,
not them.

Along with his rebuke, a window popped up in my view.

\[Outer God transformation progress percentage: 48%\]

...The rate of assimilation was chill-inducingly fast. I didn't expect this one
to be quicker than the Journey to the West's progress.

 It's because your Incarnation Body's rate of recovery is too slow.

'...This was not a part of the deal'.

 And you sneakily cooperating with <Kim Dokja's Company> was not a part of
the plan, either.

I bit my lip.

As expected, the Wenny King was a scary guy. But then again, he had been
fighting the Dokkaebi King for his entire life, hadn't he? It was highly
likely that he even foresaw the current situation.

\[999\] spoke as he studied my Incarnation Body.

 You only have around four days. You need to fulfil the agreement before
then.

'That's impossible. I need to finish this scenario first in order to do that,
but I don't have enough time'.

The deal with the Wenny King was to create a Giant Story that contained an
'Outer God'. I was planning to fulfil that agreement through this Giant Story,
but four days simply was too short.

At the bare minimum, I needed over a week.

 In that case, there is only one method remaining. We need to strengthen your
frail Incarnation Body.

I nodded my head and checked out my body's condition.

\[Current Incarnation Body recovery rate: 45%\]

\[Damage to your foundational Story is critical.\]

\[You can consume a new type of elixir to boost the rate of recovery.\]

The reason for the rate of transforming into an Outer God speeding up was
simply because my Incarnation Body hadn't recovered fully from the damage I
suffered during the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.

\[Story fragment, 'Young Gold Dragon's Broken Heart', is unable to function
properly.\]

Now that I thought about it, I was too focused on gathering Stories and
neglected on enhancing my Incarnation Body's durability. Well, I half gave up
on the idea after I kept dying and stuff, so... As for the 'Young Gold Dragon's
Broken Heart', now that was a Story fragment I acquired a really long time
ago.

Just like what the 'One Invincible Fist' Yoo Hoseong told me, though, I needed
to train my Incarnation Body if I wanted to bring out the full might of the
Stories.

Because if Stories were 'words', then one's Incarnation Body was the 'paper'
those words could be written on.

 Every elixir that can be found in here should all be replicas. Still, it'll
be better than not consuming one.

\[Score: 2963\]

\[Currently, five judges are watching the applicable Story chamber.\]

\[Currently, many audience members are interested in the upward trajectory of
the Story chamber.\]

\[Current ranking of the applicable Story chamber is 31st.\]

In a fairly short period of time, the scenario created by Han Sooyoung managed
to earn the support from many people out there. And a story where many were
sharing the cost of 'Probability' could exhibit pretty strong power as a
result.

\[As the Story chamber's ranking rises higher, the grades of Star Relics found
within the applicable chamber will also rise up.\]

As the chamber's ranking climbed up, every item that showed up here would get
closer and closer to the grade of their original counterparts, and if we
manage to win, then they would become originals outright.

In other words, everything we find in this Story chamber would become 'real'
things.

If our chamber's ranking continues to climb as smoothly as it had done so far,
and if I manage to successfully gather the elixirs, then...

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is currently asleep.\]

\[You don't have the qualification to use the applicable Story.\]

...Then maybe, I might get to utilise the power of this 'Giant Story' that I
earned but hadn't been able to unleash until now.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is afraid of 'Season of Light
and Darkness'.\]

Even the \[Torch that Swallowed the Myth\] was scared of this Story. Right
now, I couldn't even begin to imagine how incredible the power of this Story
was.

"Stop."

It was at that moment when Yoo Joonghyuk walking out in front came to a stop.

The sky that used to be clear and blue was now dyed in a yellowish hue. I took
a closer look to find that the yellowish fog had blanketed the surrounding
landscape as well as the sky above.

\[You have arrived in Yellow Wind Cave at Yellow Wind Ridge.\]

Yellow Wind Ridge, was it?

This was the residence of one of the Journey's villains, 'Yellow Wind' Demon
King. If my thoughts were correct, then one of the elixirs I need should be
found nearby.

It was here that we heard an incoming message.

\[A large number of Players are joining this 'Story chamber'\!\]

The original number of Players for this chamber was eight. However, there was
a sudden influx of additional Players.

Lee Gilyoung muttered as if he was dumbfounded by it. "...But, why now?"

It was logically difficult to explain. The newly-entering Players to a Story
chamber that no longer recruited roles could only become 'extras' and not much
else. And these extras would not get any proper rewards even after the chamber
was concluded successfully.

That was the situation for the top-ten ranked Story chambers, so there was no
need to even mention participating in this 31st... No, hang on, there was.

\[A small number of audience members are wary of the 6731st Story chamber's
rise in the rankings.\]

\[A portion of audience members are looking forward to your destruction.\]

\[Many audience members are paying attention to the Story chamber's sudden
upheaval\!\]

The current situation was this: our Story chamber had shot up from the bottom
of the ranking all the way up near the top in a proverbial blink of an eye.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke, his expression hardening. "Bastards are trying to ruin
our scenario."

It was unknown who might be the instigator in this case, but I could think of
something.

Most likely, these guys were 'spies' sent in from the great Nebulas
participating in the 'Journey to the West Remake', as well as from other top-
ranked Story chambers.

They must've been fearing what might happen in the <Star Stream> if <Kim
Dokja's Company> managed to snatch away yet another 'Giant Story' here.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The fog rushed forward in an instant and swallowed us up.

The first one to disappear under the fog was Yoo Joonghyuk's figure, looking
back at us and issuing a warning; and then, the surprised voices of Shin
Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung resounded out next.

"Disciple-nim\! Hurry and hide behind us\!"

"Stay behind and don't step forward\! Got th..."

Even before I could make my reply, the kids disappeared as well. And the fog
came to a stop right before my nose. Soon, I heard the sharp noises of weapons
clashing coming from here and there. The dumpling on my shoulder asked in a
quiet voice.

 Aren't you going in?

"I want to, but..." said I, as I felt the presence approaching me from behind.
"...I think their aim is me this time."

I looked back and saw the 'extras' hurrying over here on the Yellow Wind
Ridge's pathway. Constellations disguised as the underlings of the 'Yellow
Wind' Demon King were walking closer while emitting unfriendly auras in my
direction.

"So, that's the 'Sun Wukong'?"

"He must be a weakling, judging from his Status."

"Did they really think we'd be scared by them attaching the 'Demon King of
Salvation' moniker onto a weakling like him?"

Only then did I figure out what their real goal was. No matter what, the main
protagonist of the \[Journey to the West\] was 'Sun Wukong'. If he dies, the
Journey would end, too.

\[A portion of judges are worried about your safety.\]

\[A portion of audience members are worried about your safety.\]

I watched the Constellations come closer and felt really conflicted about this
whole thing.

\(Retired Sun Wukong didn't want to fight. Why? Because it was annoying.\)

\['Retirement penalty' has steeply decreased your will to fight.\]

Yup, it was all because of that damn 'retired' setting.

\[Judge, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is digging his ear as if he can't
be bothered.\]

\[Judge, 'Bimawen', is opening a book to read with a refined expression.\]

\[Judge, 'Meihouwang', is yawning out in boredom.\]

Those 'Sun Wukongs', feeling sick and tired of hard-carrying the \[Journey to
the West\] by themselves originally, wouldn't enjoy this type of development
at all. Utterly not caring about that, the 'extra' Constellations wielding
scary-looking weapons finally arrived in my near vicinity.

"Kill him\!"

\(Interpretation: Haha, kill that baldy monkey.\)

"Kill him\!"

\(Interpretation: Fuc\! It's the bastar that cleans up the poo of the
heavens.\)

"Kill him\!"

\(Interpretation: A roc-for-brains monkey.\)

I was about to throw a tackle, arguing about the validity of such
interpretations, but then, the channel was suddenly flooded with an explosion
of messages.

\[Judge, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is enraged while holding onto his
hair\!\]

\[Judge, 'Bimawen', is shuddering angrily at the filthiness of this story.\]

\[Judge, Meihouwang', wishes for the heads of those fools to roll.\]

\[A portion of judges are providing a great amount of Probability towards the
progression of the applicable Story chamber\!\]

\[If this story's direction is changed, then a large amount of additional
points will be acquired.\]

...Ehng?

\[A private message has arrived from the Scenario Master.\]

\["Hey, you said you can fight a bit, right?"\]

The narration began even before I had time to reply.

\(There was one thing that all these Yogoes rushing in didn't know. Without a
doubt, he was the 'retired Sun Wunkong'. However...\)

\(...He was also Sun Wukong that didn't hide his own strength, either.\)

Along with all the messages clogging up my view, the title card for the new
episode floated up as well.

~ Episode 3. The Demon King of Salvation isn't hiding his powers ~


