### Chapter 433: Ep. 82 - Outer God, II

The bitterness akin to the broth you'd get by boiling red ginseng spread
inside my mouth. I ended up unknowingly smacking my lips, prompting a familiar
voice to enter my ears.

"Uh? Looks like he's coming around. Put this in, too."

Someone forcibly pried my eyelids open and dropped a substance similar to eye
drops on my eyeballs, causing a really cold sensation to spread out and help
me regain my wits in an instant.

\[Due to consuming new types of elixirs, your Incarnation Body's recovery has
accelerated.\]

My vision was restored, and I found myself lying against the belly of a horse.
The White Dragon Horse  Chimera Dragon  of Tang Sanzang neighed unhappily
and glared at me.

"Oh, he's awake\!"

I saw Lee Gilyoung's and Shin Yoosung's worry-filled faces brighten up. Lee
Jihye forcing my eyelids open was grinning as well.

"Hey, what will we do with you when you're too frail to ride on a bus?"

"Hmm, hmm. You're supposed to serve your Master, so it's no good for you to be
this feeble, you know?"

The boy put his hands on his waists and fake coughed. I grinned bitterly and
tried to prop my upper body up, and Shin Yoosung lent me a hand.

"Are you really alright? You fainted all of a sudden..."

"I'm feeling better, thanks to all of you. By the way, these elixirs..."

I looked at all the remnants of various elixirs around me. A few of them were
unfamiliar, but there was also one that I did recognise.

It was the eye drops contained in a reddish bottle, called 'Three Flowers and
Nine Fruits Sap' \(\), and was one of the treasures found within the
Journey to the West that could be earned by defeating the Yellow Wind Demon
King.

I was somewhat flustered by this and asked the kids. "...Did you use that on
me?"

For a moment there, I thought I could see Yoo Sangah's face in Shin Yoosung's
bright smile.

The 'Three Flowers and Nine Fruits Sap'. Just by putting some in your eye, it
restored energy in your body and expanded your eyesight.

\[A portion of judges are satisfied by this attempt at reflecting the original
work\!\]

\[10 additional points have been awarded\!\]

Actually, it was Sun Wukong who ended up using the 'Three Flowers and Nine
Fruits Sap' in the original storyline, too. However... to think, they willingly
spent an item on me that they could've used on themselves. For some reason, I
felt guilty about it.

I felt my right wrist getting numb so I took a look, only to see something
rather horrifying happening there.

"You're just as weak as that bastard. What's the matter with your Incarnation
Body?"

Yoo Joonghyuk was holding my right wrist with enough force to pop it like a
balloon while feeling for my pulse. Now that I thought about it, this guy
possessed the next best medical skills after Lee Seolhwa in our group.

He scowled deeply as he continued to observe my condition. "Not a single blood
vessel in your internal organs is intact. It's a miracle that you even managed
to participate in this scenario."

"...Is that so."

"It's rare to see a Constellation ending up in such a situation. Are you being
chased by someone?"

I looked at him with a bit of surprise.

There was no way he'd ask me that out of concern, so... Seeing how he was firmly
grasping the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] with his free hand from a while
ago, I could more or less figure out what he was planning to do here.

"No, it's not like that. I was just in an urgent need for this 'Giant Story'
so I didn't have enough time to recover my Incarnation Body."

"I shall end you right away if you prove to be a burden to this group even for
a second." Yoo Joonghyuk discarded my wrist like trash and stood up from the
spot. "...We've wasted precious elixirs."

Yoo Joonghyuk strode away and settled down on a nearby boulder to polish the
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] again. It had been broken once before, so its
durability must've fallen by a quite lot now.

Lee Jihye, watching that, spoke to me. "My Master, no wait, my Senior Brother
is really cool, isn't he? Even though he's saying that, he was the first
person to recommend using elixirs on you."

...That Yoo Joonghyuk did?

I couldn't understand no matter how hard I thought about it. Even if I was
'Kim Dokja' and not the 'Watcher of Light and Darkness', he wouldn't have...

 He's not as cold-blooded as you think.

I heard the dumpling \[999\]'s voice quietly enter my ear.

"Do you still believe that you can understand someone through just a few
lines of text in a couple of chapters?"

\[999\] told me that not too long ago.

He was right. Even though I knew his words were correct, I kept forgetting
them over and over again.

One's life would always be greater than a story written about him.

Yoo Joonghyuk was always behind his companions.

There were countless paragraphs in the 'Ways of Survival', but they couldn't
fully explain the time lived by Yoo Joonghyuk.

3rd turn, 4th, 5th... He always was looking at his companions from a certain
distance. He stood there and protected them, and faced off against their
enemies.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, were you able to protect everything you wanted to protect?"

Always, he failed to protect those he had to protect.

Even then, he remained in the same spot.

It was quite likely that I'd never get to fully understand the depths of his
determination even if I died and woke up again.

Shin Yoosung walked over to Yoo Joonghyuk polishing his blade.

"Joonghyuk-ahjussi."

He looked back at her with his trademark disinterested eyes, and her small
hand pressed against his cheek. Upon closer inspection, a cream-type ointment
was applied there.

"...What are you doing?"

"Be still or it'll get infected, you know. Ah, don't turn your head\!"

"Even without applying things like this..."

As if he was some kind of a vicious wild beast currently being tickled, Yoo
Joonghyuk's expression became rather complicated.

It took a single person's name to stop him from shooting up from his spot and
leave.

"Seolhwa unni asked me to do it. She said that ahjussi wouldn't care about
stuff like this so someone has to mind it for his sake."

Lee Seolhwa's name caused his shoulders to flinch rather grandly. He seemed to
be torn over his decision for a very long time, but then, settled back down on
the boulder awkwardly. He loudly declared in a charismatic voice next. "Finish
it in ten seconds or less."

Shin Yoosung giggled and nodded her head, and began rubbing the ointment all
over him energetically. His lips continued to twitch but he didn't try to stop
her.

The wounds on his body healed at a visible pace after her hands brushed past
them.

As expected, Lee Seolhwa's remarkable ointment was something else, indeed.
Back in the original story, the \[Mass Production Maker\] even imported her
ointment and sold them as a cosmetic product, too. What was its name again?
Was it 'Purest White Story Cream' or something?

"Bubble, hiss..."

My ears caught the sounds of onomatopoeia for the first time in a while, so I
looked to my side to see what was what, only to find Lee Gilyoung and his
figuratively-blazing eyes there.

As if he suddenly developed cross-eyes, the boy began alternating his gaze
between Yoo Joonghyuk and Shin Yoosung rapidly.

...Oh-ho?

Eventually, he began striding towards where the duo was in a vigorous fashion
as if he had made up his mind about something.

"Hey, Shin Yoosung\!"

His calling prompted Yoo Joonghyuk and Shin Yoosung to look back at him
simultaneously. Lee Jihye sidled up next to me and nodded her head, her
expression one of contentment. "Finally, Gilyoung-ah. You have woken up."

\[Judge, 'Sakyamuni's Successor', likes these young Tang Sanzangs.\]

\[A portion of audience members enjoy watching the adorable antics of Tang
Sanzangs.\]

\[20 additional points have been awarded.\]

Lee Gilyoung hesitated greatly where he stood, unable to do anything under the
outpouring of attention other than bobbing his lips up and down. He had
started this whole thing, but his expression clearly showed that he had no
idea what to do next.

In the end, he resorted to shouting out, his face flushed beet red. "I'm gonna
apply Dokja hyung's ointment from now on\!"

As if he had finally realized what needed to be said here, he spoke in a
triumphant voice next. "Got that? You'll be in charge of that sooty bastard
from here on\!"

Lee Jihye dashed forward before I even realized it and smacked the back of Lee
Gilyoung's head. Unsurprisingly, the boy grandly faceplanted nose-first into
the ground.

"Why did you mention Kim Dokja there, you dumbass?\!"

She pinched his ear and pulled him up to lecture him properly.

Meanwhile, Shin Yoosung watched the proceedings and shook her head, before
returning to her job of applying the ointment.

Yoo Joonghyuk was stroking his cheek in awkwardness as if he couldn't really
get used to the cream on his skin...

Kim Dokja watched all these happen with a quiet smile.

\['The Fourth Wall' is gradually getting thicker.\]

As if, he was looking at a spectacle happening in the distance.

The smartphone inside my inner pocket was busy creating paragraphs on its own.
As the texts floated up, I looked at my companions and thought to myself.

Right, maybe I...

Maybe in that moment, Kim Dokja made up his mind up over a certain something
for the first time ever.

  

* * *

  

The transformation into the Outer God gradually sped up. What was once 71%
soon became 75%, and it only took a proverbial blink to shoot past 80%.

But when it got around to 85%, it suddenly came to a dead stop.

It was all thanks to my companions looking after me.

"Here, eat this. Oh, and this, too."

As if it was inversely proportional to my 'infection' rate, the scenario clear
speed of my companions actually accelerated gradually. As expected, the
combination of the 94th scenario's Yoo Joonghyuk and Lee Jihye was incredible
to behold.

"Senior brother, over there\!"

"Below us."

As befitting the disciples of the \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\], they
were in perfect sync with one another.

The majority of the enemies were taken care of even before they could approach
us or come up with dastardly schemes against us. On top of that, they even
resorted to using power levels that surpassed the scope of the original to
suppress our enemies.

\[Current rate of Journey to the West's progress: 43%\]

\[Story chamber ranking has improved\!\]

\[Current ranking of the applicable Story chamber is 21st.\]

\[Judge, 'Golden-bodied Arhat', is happy with his current appearance as a
pretty young girl swordswoman.\]

Shin Yoosung, now finding herself with nothing to do just like me, muttered to
no one in particular. "It'd been nice if Heewon unni and Hyunsung ahjussi
could come along, too."

It seemed that those two couldn't participate this time.

Lee Hyunsung wouldn't have woken up just yet. He had entered the final phase
of \[Steel Transformation\], so I figured that he'd be sleeping for a long
while. However, there should be no problem in regards to his life.

The real problem would be with after he had woken up, actually.

Whatever the case might have been, I thought that this scenario could come to
an end in less than ten days at our current pace.

And so, yet another day came to a close, and then another one, and eventually,
four days went by.

\[Current rate of Journey to the West's progress: 64%\]

\[Current ranking of the applicable Story chamber is 15th.\]

\[A large number of competitors are keeping a hostile eye on the applicable
Story chamber.\]

All I did during those four days was ride on the bus, sleep to my heart's
content, chat with my companions about nothing important, and consume a ton of
elixirs.

\[Your Incarnation Body has recovered to a noticeable degree\!\]

\[Energy is returning gradually to your Incarnation body.\]

...It felt like my cheeks had become fatter by a bit, too.

As I enjoyed this abundant, easy-going life, Lee Jihye, Shin Yoosung and Lee
Gilyoung all observed me with satisfied expressions on their faces.

...As if they were farmers feeling happy about a pig growing all fat and juicy
and the like.

"Here\! Eat this one, too\!"

"Please, take this."

...Why were they so happy about me consuming these things, anyway?

Lee Jihye to my side complained a little while chuckling out. "They say that
if you can't get a pheasant, then get a chicken instead. I mean, it's nice to
see you eat well and be healthy, you know. If only we fed that guy as
diligently as we're doing now."

Time continued to tick by.

"Keu-heuk\! This isn't over, Zhu Bajie\!"

We encountered Han Myungoh playing different roles many times, and...

...We even ran into a potential helper of ambiguous identity, sporting a wild
beard as if 'he' was some sort of a Taoist deity or something.

\[Hmm, hmm. I'm this mountain's deity spirit. I've learnt a long time ago that
you are on a noble journey to India. I have been waiting for you to reach here
so that I can provide you with a little bit of help...\]

The kids cried out at the so-called 'deity spirit' blessed with a head full of
bright blonde hair and the obviously-fake beard.

"Hayoung unni\!"

"Hayoung hyung\!"


