### Chapter 519: Epilogue 1 - The world of zero, III

\[Currently, the applicable regression turn is under the 'Overwrite
restriction'.\]

\[Currently, the applicable world-line's copyright holder is absent.\]

\[As the owner of the 'Final Wall', you can act as the substitute copyright
holder.\]

\[Will you activate 'Overwrite' to interfere with the worldview?\]

The warning messages floated up one after the other in the empty air. Almost
at the same time, \[The Fourth Wall\]'s voice entered my ears.

Kim Dok ja

'...I know already, so stop trying to scare me'.

I could already tell what \[The Fourth Wall\] was going to say. Probably, it'd
be something along the line of there's no meaning in changing the
predetermined past.

...

I sensed a certain glare squarely locking onto me from the empty air, but I
tried my best to ignore that.

Although I had no clue how the original 0th turn unfolded, if the paragraph I
read in passing inside \[The Fourth Wall\]'s library was true, then... The 0th
turn's Yoo Joonghyuk shouldn't select his backer until much later.

He would lose Lee Seolhwa and Lee Jihye during this turn.

He'd lose the ones precious to him, those he barely managed to meet, and then...

...And then, he'd desperately think about this one thing as his death approached
him.

'If only I had a sponsor, what could it have been like?'

I stared at Yoo Joonghyuk as he read the system messages with quaking eyes.

Through this turn, his cycle of regression would begin. He'd get to repeat
countless regressions and thereby walk on the 'Hell of Eternity'.

Ev en if y ou cha nge thi s turn...

'The past that the Secretive Plotter lived through won't disappear. I know
that'.

Even if I changed this world-line, the predetermined tragedies would still
happen. The Yoo Joonghyuk I know would live through the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and
eventually, all the way to 1863rd regression turns. He'd become the 'Secretive
Plotter', and start hating me.

However, even if that was the case...

'I can't pick up any traces of the 'Oldest Dream' that isn't me in this
regression turn'.

It was quite likely that the cause of this event was the younger me not
knowing anything about Yoo Joonghyuk's 0th turn. Whatever the case might have
been, one thing's for certain; at the very least, I could take on that role
during this world-line.

I could become Yoo Joonghyuk's sponsor during this world-line.

Wi ll y ou ma ke him re gre ss?

\[The Fourth Wall\] asked as if it was intrigued. I shook my head.

'No. I'll make sure he doesn't'.

Ev en if he's cha nged, the fu ture won't...

'I know. That's why I feel even more relieved'.

The past I changed wouldn't deny the Yoo Joonghyuk I know of.

If Yoo Joonghyuk got to experience a regression turn that wasn't tragic, even
if it's just once...

I slowly extended my hand towards the air.

\['Overwrite' has commenced\!\]

\[Interfering with the applicable worldview has begun\!\]

\[As your mastery over the dream is insufficient, currently it's impossible to
interfere too aggressively.\]

As the sparks exploded with a loud 'Tsu-chuchuchut\!', messages popped up one
after the other.

\[The 'Demon King of Salvation' is registering his temporary Constellation
name.\]

\[You're currently participating in the 'sponsor selection' as a
Constellation.\]

\[<Star Stream>'s system is suspicious of your eligibility.\]

\[Low-grade Dokkaebi 'Bihyung' finds your Modifier unfamiliar.\]

\[Small number of Constellations are flustered by your sudden entrance\!\]

I bit down on my lip while observing Yoo Joonghyuk's pale expression.

This might prove to be a bad decision. Yoo Joonghyuk might end up even more
miserable because I changed this world-line.

However, if it was the me of right now...

\[Ho-oh-ra, the 'Demon King of Salvation'? Well now, a new Constellation-nim
has decided to enter the stage\!\]

If it was Kim Dokja the 'Oldest Dream' who had witnessed the end of one world
and had the knowledge of the scenario's epilogues, then wouldn't it be
possible to change the predetermined destiny?

\[Looks like we might need to extend the time since the candidates have
increased.\]

Bihyung updated the message floating in mid-air.

\[Sponsor selection time period has been extended by 5 minutes.\]

The survivors in the near vicinity, having somehow lived through that ordeal,
began opening their mouths one by one.

"...Just what is all this?"

"Sponsor selection, is it..."

I didn't find it weird since I had read the 'Ways of Survival' before, but
still, I could guess how confused they must feel after facing a situation like
this for the first time ever.

\[Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is activating his attribute\!\]

In the midst of all this, only Yoo Joonghyuk was regaining his cool. His calm
eyes were proof of that.

...Well, I'm getting curious about what he's thinking here, so.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint Lv.???', is activating\!\]

Although I felt a bit sorry about taking a peek inside the feeble 0th turn's
head, I simply had to look this time. What if, in a one-in-a-million chance,
he chose a different backer, then...

\[You are the 'Oldest Dream'.\]

\[You can utilise 100 percent of your skill's abilities regardless of your
understanding on the target\!\]

The inside of Yoo Joonghyuk's head spread out like an anatomy chart.

What about Mia? What happened to her?

I must rescue Mia.

In order to do that, I must get through this selection thing before my eyes
first

Backer selection. Sounds like I must pick my sponsor.

I grew slightly tense.

During the original 0th turn, this guy apparently didn't choose anyone as his
backer this early on, but that'd always be nothing more than a story from the
original. No one could tell what might happen this time.

Unexpectedly though, it wasn't Yoo Joonghyuk displaying his interest in me,
but other Constellations.

\[Constellation, 'God of Wine and Ecstasy', is greeting you.\]

\[Constellation, 'God of Wine and Ecstasy', thinks your Modifier is a cool
one.\]

It seemed that Dionysus's outgoing personality was the same regardless of the
regression turns. If he didn't yield to us back in the Final Ark, the ensuing
battle would've been so much harder.

Just as I was about to greet him back, someone else butted in.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is keeping his eyes on you.\]

...Now that I thought about it, this dude was also here, wasn't he? Hey, you,
aren't you supposed to be eyeing Kim Namwoon in the next subway car? Just how
many bridges are you planning to straddle here?

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', thinks you are copying from his
Modifier.\]

I was about to ask just which part sounded the same to him, but in the end,
held back. Only three minutes remained; no need to waste my energy on
something completely unnecessary.

I shifted my head to discover that Yoo Joonghyuk had begun considering his
choices earnestly.

I swallowed back my nervous saliva.

1\. God of Wine and Ecstasy

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at that Modifier for a little while before shifting his
gaze away.

Something feels messy about that name.

Soon after, his eyes landed on the second candidate.

2\. Mouse that Eats Fingernails

I grew nervous when he stared at that Modifier for quite a long time.

Wake up, Yoo Joonghyuk. You'd be better off choosing the Abyssal Black Flame
Dragon instead of this.

Sounds weak.

I barely managed to breathe a sigh of relief.

Damn it, man. Stop making people nervous.

Yoo Joonghyuk then stared at the third candidate afterwards.

3\. Abyssal Black Flame Dragon

Although obvious, Yoo Joonghyuk would never choose the third option. He might
seem drunk on his awesomeness outwardly, but in truth, he wasn't a fan of such
flashy and grand-sounding words. That's why...

That's a fairly strong-sounding name.

...Wha? H-hang on a...

Maybe, it might be an unexpectedly powerful sponsor.

It's true that he's powerful, but... That guy, he makes his Incarnations recite
weird summoning spells, you know?

Hey, Joonghyuk-ah, please open your eyes properly and take a closer look. The
only ones that can handle this guy are Kim Namwoon or Han Sooyoung, that's it.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is boasting in your
direction.\]

\[One minute remaining until the conclusion of the sponsor selection.\]

And finally, Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes landed on the fourth candidate.

4\. Demon King of Salvation

I barely managed to calm my mind and along with Yoo Joonghyuk, looked at the
backer selection list from behind him.

The God of Wine and Ecstasy, Mouse that Eats Fingernails, Abyssal Black Flame
Dragon, and the Demon King of Salvation...

'\[The Fourth Wall\], what do you think?'

As if it didn't get the intention behind the question, \[The Fourth Wall\]
took its time answering back.

'What I'm asking you is, who sounds strongest to you?'

Th at is...

'Not including the actual combat prowess, just judging from the Modifiers
alone'.

I thought that a reply should be forthcoming pretty quickly, but it seemed
that \[The Fourth Wall\] was actually in a dilemma here.

I didn't wait and spoke up first. 'Not saying this because I'm the Demon King
of Salvation, but in truth, and also, objectively speaking...'

Hang on, no need to look at it objectively, either. Just think about it
logically.

The God of Wine and Ecstasy? He simply sounded like a drunkard.

The Mouse that Eats Fingernails? You weren't looking for a nail clipper
substitute, so what would you even need this guy for?

The Abyssal Black Flame Dragon? Just one look, and you should know not to
choose this guy.

Even if the 0th turn's Yoo Joonghyuk was an idiot, he should not be making
such mistakes.

The only normal-sounding Modifier was mine. And for sure, he raised his finger
and pointed at the fourth option as if he was impressed by my Modifier. Then,
he began thinking.

What an arrogant-sounding name.

'...'

Weaklings often use names like this.

Even before I could shout something out, Yoo Joonghyuk shot up from his spot
and spoke. "I've made up my mind. I will..."

As he formed a triumphant grin, his lips slowly parted.

I silently stared at the subway's ceiling. Accompanied by the 'Tsu-
chuchuchut\!' noise, vicious heat burned on my hand.

\[You're interfering in the world-line.\]

\['Overwrite' has commenced.\]

\[Excessive interference might cause the world-line to strongly resist...\]

I used all of my strength to smack the back of Yoo Joonghyuk's head.

  

* * *

  

"Keo-heok\!"

Kim Dokja woke up from the powerful impact on the back of his head.

"How long are you planning to sleep? Wake up already\!"

He opened his eyes and found Han Sooyoung lightly dusting her hands. He then
wiped away the drool marks on the couch and gingerly sat back up.

What's this? Why am I here? Okay, so...

"What are you doing? Hurry up and get ready already\! Did you forget where
we're supposed to go today?"

Yoo Joonghyuk standing in his trademark pose was standing next to Han
Sooyoung, his eyes still blazing non-stop.

"You're making us wait for no reason," he said.

It wasn't just him, though; Jung Heewon's head peeked out from behind Yoo
Joonghyuk, and the figure of Lee Hyunsung carrying an armful of something
could be seen behind her.

"Is that pizza?"

"It's fried chicken, you dummy."

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung were swallowing their saliva as they continued
to stare at Lee Hyunsung's plastic bags. And finally, Lee Jihye standing next
to these two children, too.

"Hurry up and let's go\! I'm starving\!"

Kim Dokja saw this spectacle and finally remembered what today was.

This world's scenario had ended.

When he turned his head, he saw warm rays of sunlight seeping through the
\[Industrial Complex\]'s windows.

And today was <Kim Dokja's Company>'s first field trip.

  

* * *

  

As they made their ways towards their destination, Han Sooyoung continued to
grumble away.

"Hey, Kim Dokja."

"What now?"

"You didn't really forget what day is today, right?"

"What day is it?"

"It's December 25th. What day do you think it was?"

Kim Dokja pondered for a little bit before replying to her. "The day Mithra
was born?"

"Is that supposed to be <Vedas> style humour?"'

They continued walking while exchanging banter like that. Every so often, Yoo
Joonghyuk let out a pained groan as if they were getting on his nerves.

It was around then that a red sports car came to a stop on the side of the
road while making a loud noise.

"Sangah-ssi\!"

Jung Heewon was first to recognise Yoo Sangah and quickly raised her hand. The
latter, kitted out in a white long-padded coat and a pair of jeans, took off
her sunglasses and replied back.

"I'm so sorry, the filming took longer than I thought."

Perhaps finding the current Yoo Sangah not to her liking, Han Sooyoung
verbally tackled her down right away.

"Oh, my? You sure are a full-fledged celeb nowadays, aren't you?"

"Do we really need to eat by the Han River when it's so cold outside?"

"Is there anyone here without cold resistance? I mean, you should still have
that sort of a skill remaining, right?"

"We could've just eaten back in the Complex, though. As it's Christmas, there
should be quite a few people by the river, too."

"We made a promise with the kids."

While watching the two of them bickering away, Kim Dokja felt a certain corner
of his heart ache for some reason.

Why did this sight feel so nostalgic to him?

It had already been three months since the scenarios came to an end, so...

"What about Seolhwa-ssi and Pildu-ssi? I can't see the department head Han,
either."

"They'll be here. Ah, there they are\! Oiii\! Lee Seolhwa\!"

Right in front of the Yeouinaru Station, Lee Seolhwa, wearing a white fur
coat, was waving both of her hands with a bright smile. And next to her was
Gong Pildu, staring in another direction with a cantankerous expression.

"You didn't want to show up for so long that we thought you forgot about us
again."

Perhaps she felt guilty after hearing that, Jung Heewon quickly replied.
"Eiii, there's no way that's true, though?"

"...But, you did abandon us and returned to the \[Industrial Complex\] first,
didn't you?"

"Hmm, hmm. W-we did go back to find you later, didn't we?"

"What do you mean, find us?\! We only were able to come back because the
librarians let us leave\! Seriously, if I look back to that time, I still..."

"What about Han Myungoh?"

"Myungoh-ssi didn't come, saying that he must spend Christmas with his
family..."

"What family does that ahjussi even have? ...Ah."

The companions continued to walk forward under the noisy, festive atmosphere.

Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung clung onto each of Kim Dokja's arms and growled
towards one another.

"Hey, you. Stop pulling him to your side."

"You too."

"By the way ahjussi, you think Santa Claus is a Constellation, too?"

The group eventually reached the Han River public park. Maybe the cold weather
was to blame, as there weren't all that many people visible here. What was
visible, though, were the collapsed bridges of the river, as well as the
pitch-black night sky. Only an extremely few stars remained as proof of <Star
Stream> existing up there once before.

Without a doubt, everything did come to an end.

The group laid a mat on the ground, and installed a portable stove next to the
children. Yoo Joonghyuk then placed a picnic table next to the stove and
proceeded to make something with Lee Jihye.

Kim Dokja asked. "...What's this, we're going to make them here?"

"Of course. There are no fried chicken takeaways or pizzeria remaining, so
obviously we have to make our own, right?"

He thought about it and realized that's true. It'd been only three months
since the end of the scenarios, so pizzerias or takeaways couldn't have been
revived already.

Han Sooyoung carried on. "Be grateful that we have someone who can make them
for us."

Chicken drumsticks dismantled in an instant flew in the air, and Yoo
Joonghyuk's special sauces danced enticingly just above them. Rolled dough
spun vigorously at the end of the scabbard, too. It was uncertain whether he
was making a pizza or fried chicken, but without a doubt, something amazing
was being created right now.

"In the end, a day like today did come," said Yoo Sangah as she sat on the mat
with her knees pulled up close. Her eyes were staring at the Han River, as if
she was submerged in reminiscence.

Kim Dokja addressed her. "You must be really busy nowadays."

"It's just... Yes, I am. There are lots of things to take care of, so..."

It had only been three months since the scenarios ended. The society at large
hadn't regained its stability yet.

The system's influence hadn't completely disappeared yet, and the criminals
retaining their skills or Stigmata continued with their crime sprees even now.
Yoo Sangah was this world's hero that defeated them and protected ordinary
citizens.

"They look so good together."

In a spot far away, Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung were standing together to
look at the Han River.

Han Sooyoung pouted and spat out her words. "I bet 100 Coins that they won't
last a year."

It was right then, they heard something exploding in the distance. The
startled companions instinctively reached towards their individual weapons.

But when they took a closer look, the explosion noise came from the fireworks
fired from a distant building.

"...Someone's using stuff like that already?"

Han Sooyoung muttered out in disbelief.

Kim Dokja stared at that spectacle with renewed interest. Fireworks, was it?
He never expected to see them again in his life. Bit by bit, the aroma of
their food getting ready wafted in.

"Kim Dokja."

"Huh?"

"You know, you haven't been reading that thing recently."

"What do you mean?" Kim Dokja thought about it for a second before making his
reply. "Ah, that's right. I should be reading it, though."

He hurriedly switched his smartphone on. However, its battery was flat and the
device refused to power on. Han Sooyoung's figure was reflected on the dark
screen; it was still impossible to get a bead on her inner thoughts through
the look in her eyes. She wordlessly observed Kim Dokja and muttered something
to herself, before plopping down next to him with an 'Oopsie'.

"Maybe I shouldn't have bothered to come. All these useless thoughts are
making my head hurt, instead."

"Huh?"

"Nah, just talking to myself. Never mind that, though  there was a part like
this back in the 'Ways of Survival', wasn't it? You remember that?"

...The 'Ways of Survival'.

"You know, the third turn's Yoo Joonghyuk... everyone together, next to the Han
River, chewing on the ground rat's legs..."

Kim Dokja's expression as he listened to her words distorted in a strange,
vague manner. She reached out to him as he began to wobble a little.

"Hey, what's the matter? You alright? You feeling sick somewhere?"

"It's just that my head hurts without warning..."

"Did I smack you a little too hard back then? How about resting for a bit...?"

"No, it's fine. Besides all that... you're right."

"About what?"

"About the 'Ways of Survival'. I really like that scene, too. It's the scene I
like the most from the third regression turn."

Han Sooyoung deeply stared into Kim Dokja's face, before forming a refreshing
grin.

"Really now, you 'Ways of Survival' otaku freak."

Another round of fireworks went off in the distance, much larger in scale this
time. The children let out a loud cheer as they witnessed the beautiful flames
engraving the night sky. Kim Dokja began thinking; maybe this was the sight
he'd been yearning to see for the longest time. For the longest...

Longest.

Han Sooyoung opened her lips again. "By the way, Kim Dokja?"

"Huh?"

Since from when was this? Her face was pushed real close to his. Her pristine,
perfectly-set facial features, her pale-white cheeks, and a beauty spot just
below her sparkling eyes.

Kim Dokja became flustered by the faint hint of lemony scent reaching his
nose. Just before he could say something, though, Han Sooyoung approached him
even closer. She brought her lips to his ear and slowly whispered in a clear
voice.

"Such a scene doesn't appear in the third turn of 'Ways of Survival'."

Along with the fireworks scattering in the sky, it felt as if a powerful
shower of sparks were raining down from somewhere. Kim Dokja thought that his
vision was flipped around for some reason, only to realize that he was
currently thrown onto the ground unceremoniously.

"Hey, you."

Han Sooyoung's icy-cold venomous eyes were right before him now.

Everything was definitely over, yet...

Why did it feel like nothing was over somehow?

Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung running over here from the distance could be
seen. Then, the expressionless face of Yoo Joonghyuk; and finally, even the
world where all the stories had concluded, too. Under the fireworks brightly
dyeing the night sky, Han Sooyoung's chilly, sharp dagger gleamed dangerously.

"You, just who the hell are you?"


