### Chapter 141: Ep. 28 - The Ultimate Sacrifice, I

30 minutes later, all the 6th grade monsters were cleaned up. My party members
and I were very active, particularly Gong Pildu. It was a rewarding moment for
one of the 10 Evils.

"We can take a break now. What about four hours later?" Lee Jihye wondered
while slipping her sword back into the sheath at her waist.

I looked around and the fighting in the area was also entering a lull. I
didn't know about other areas but at least we protected this one. Of course,
not everyone was safe.

"Father\! Please wake up\! Father\!"

"Somebody help\!"

Many incarnations who didn't have the know-how yet couldn't resist the 6th
grade monsters. There were those who suffered severe trauma from the heavy
hound's paws or had their internal organs burst. Most of them were new
incarnations.

\[\* Current number of incarnations: 90,531 people.\]

It was only the first wave and one-tenth of Seoul Dome had died. A little
further away, Yoo Joonghyuk was watching the incarnations. I became a bit
nervous as I watched Yoo Joonghyuk.

The dokkaebi stated that the sacrifice of the strongest incarnation would save
all the incarnations in Seoul Dome.

"Hey, Yoo Joonghyuk."

Yoo Joonghyuk turned to look at me. I didn't know exactly what scenery held
value for Yoo Joonghyuk.

As I said every time, reading Ways of Survival didn't really tell me about
this person. After all, I was only understanding the text, which had been
processed and transmitted to me. Some things couldn't be read because they
were unreadable.

"Let me talk to you for a bit."

  

* * *

  

We went to the rooftop of a high rise building. On the way, I used Character
List on Yoo Joonghyuk for the first time in a while.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[There is too much information about this person. Character List is converted
to Character Summary.\]

\[Only randomly specified items will be displayed according to User's
convenience.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Yoo Joonghyuk.

Sponsor: ???

Exclusive Attributes: Regressor \(3rd turn\) \(Myth\), Pro Gamer \(Rare\),
Supreme King \(Hero\)

Exclusive Skills: Sage's Eye Lv. 9, Hand to Hand Combat Lv. 10, Advanced
Weapons Training Lv. 10, Advanced Mental Barrier Lv. 3, Hundred Steps Godly
Fists Lv. 9, Red Phoenix Shunpo Lv. 8, Splitting the Sky Lv. 8...Omitted...

Stigma: Regression Lv. 3, Transmission Lv. 5.

This guy still didn't know who his sponsor was. I already knew why it wasn't
visible.

Even in the original Ways of Survival, Yoo Joonghyuk's sponsor wasn't revealed
in the end. I thought maybe it would show up in the epilogue but
unfortunately, I couldn't read the epilogue of Ways of Survival.

His sponsor was more resistant to the 'probability' than any constellations I
knew. They had the power to turn back the wheels of time while deceiving other
constellation. Until the end of Ways of Survival, the constellation didn't
provide anything other than 'regression' to Yoo Joonghyuk.

I didn't know exactly who they were and what they wanted to gain from Yoo
Joonghyuk.

"...Is there a way to kill Nirvana?"

This jerk, he was always so impatient. He had been given time to rest but he
was still busy thinking. Regardless of his depressed state, Yoo Joonghyuk was
Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Before that, let's take a moment to breath. The view is great." I said while
sitting on the roof railing.

Yoo Joonghyuk asked me, "What are you up to?"

"I'm just looking at the world. Isn't it beautiful?" The city of Seoul was
destroyed by the monsters. I quickly added, "It was originally a beautiful
place."

"I don't like landscapes."

"Why?"

"They are things that will disappear someday."

I thought I had a bit more understanding of the third regression Yoo Joonghyuk
after fighting against Shin Yoosung. I wanted to believe he was a person who
could love this world without giving up or feeling despair.

I told him, "However, we need to protect these things."

"Kim Dokja, you don't know."

This might be my misunderstanding. Yoo Joonghyuk could give up at any time
because he was still in the midst of his regressions.

In the end, Yoo Joonghyuk's purpose was to prevent the 'destruction of this
world'. Paradoxically, he could give up on this world at any time. His essence
was regression and this fact would never change.

"No, I know," I replied.

"What?"

"The fact that you can regress at any time means that death is meaningless."

I looked down at Lee Seolhwa caring for the injured. Lee Seolhwa was feeding
her boiled soup to an unknown person. Despite her efforts, there was a high
probability that the character would die. Even if they lived now, they would
die tomorrow. If they miraculously survived tomorrow, they would die the day
after tomorrow.

It was the same in the fourth regression and the fifth regression. There would
always be 'death' in the world of Yoo Joonghyuk, even after passing the 100th
regression.

"If there is no sense of death then the value of life also disappears."

"What do you know..."

"Yoo Joonghyuk, wake up. Don't think things will improve if you repeat them a
few times."

Yoo Joonghyuk remained silent like he was surprised by my hard words.

"There is a chance that you can do better in the fourth regression. However,
there is also a chance that won't happen. Have you already forgotten the
Theatre Dungeon? If I hadn't appeared at that time"

"The next regression will obviously be better. There were many unexpected
things in this round so the next round will certainly be better."

"Why? Do you know a lot of the future?"

There was the vague belief that he could do better in the next round with more
information. It was easy for him to give up on this regression if something
went wrong.

This was the precursor symptom of 'regression depression'. Some of the
contents of Ways of Survival passed through my head.

It was around the 48th regression. Yoo Joonghyuk had consulted with an
incarnation of the constellation 'Discoverer of the Subconscious' on the
'regression depression'. At the time, he seemed to be speaking like I was now.

I continued speaking, "Yes. It might be as you say. If you repeat it 10 or 20
times then it will surely get better. You'll be exposed to more scenarios and
see more of the future. The real problem is when you someday save the world in
this manner."

"What does this mean?"

"At that time, do you really think you saved this world?"

"..."

"Do you think you will be able to keep the same mindset after repeating it 100
or 200 times?"

"I won't regress that many times."

I silently stared at Yoo Joonghyuk.

 ...Don't tell me?  Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes slowly widened.

I kept speaking, "Are you having nightmares these days?"

"..."

"You won't be saved, even if you save the world. The moment you save the
world, the worlds you have forsaken will come to you. Despite saving one
world, all the other worlds you abandoned will drag you to hell."

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes shook. Perhaps it was something he was already dimly
aware of.

"Thus, live this round properly. Shin Yoosung was destroyed after wandering
for countless years. You will be more than that. The more you repeat the
turns, the more out of control you will become. Ask yourself. How different
are you now from the beginning?"

"That..." Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened. His eyes were shaking violently.
The Yoo Joonghyuk from the beginning couldn't have done this.

"Don't imagine that you will get better if you throw away this round. Maybe
this is the round where you will see the end of this world as a 'human'."

"..."

Yoo Joonghyuk closed his mouth. He wanted to say something but the words
didn't come out. There was an intense conflict on his face.

Yes, Yoo Joonghyuk. Feel conflicted. What would happen to me if he regressed?

\[The mental state of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is slightly restored.\]

I could see a faint light of determination in Yoo Joonghyuk's face. Every
world was goddamn hard. It was the same for this world. Every time you
restart, live with all your strength.

A cool wind blew and we looked down at the ruined city together.

"This scenario has a strong event propensity. The flow will return to the
direction we know. The future you know will be available again. Don't you
still have many hidden pieces that only you know? If Seoul Dome is somehow
liberated..."

At this moment, the door of the rooftop slammed open with a loud sound and
people fell down. The first one who fell down was Gong Pildu and Lee Jihye and
the children were on top of him.

"Waaah\! Don't push\!"

"Ah, I wonder what they're talking about. Ahjussi, why did you do that?"

"A man shouldn't interfere with a person's conversation."

"A man is a rat..."

...I could roughly guess the situation.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire''s eyes are shining.\]

"All of of you..." I spoke before Lee Jihye spoke more bullshit. "Don't joke
around today. I'm not in the mood."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is sad.\]

It didn't matter if the constellation was sad or not. The important one right
now was Yoo Joonghyuk.

Uriel wasn't giving us coins now so I hoped she would go to Jung Heewon. Yoo
Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "I have been making a plan for this scenario."

"A plan? What is it?"

Yoo Joonghyuk turned towards me. "This scenario is one where the strongest
incarnation must die. I have been thinking about it."

I suddenly got goosebumps. Why was that bastard looking at me when he said
this?

Lee Jihye spoke with slight excitement. "Oh, we were also talking about that.
How did you decide? Who is the strongest incarnation?"

"Of course it is me."

I looked at the confident Yoo Joonghyuk and realized that my worries were a
misunderstanding. Well, he was a prideful person...

No, wait a minute. The fact that this scenario ended when the strongest
incarnation died and he thought it was himself...

"Do you mean to die?" I asked him.

"I will be able to stop this scenario if I die."

I was a bit moved by his noble mindset. Damn, his regression depression
suddenly seemed a bit cool. However, I couldn't let him actually die. "Aren't
you being too hasty? Is there any guarantee that you are the strongest? For
example, me..."

The party members looked at me at the same time. Lee Jihye hit me on the
shoulder and laughed exaggeratedly. "Hey, are you being serious?"

"Dokja hyung is kinda..." Lee Gilyoung looked at me with pity while Shin Yoosung
was confused. Even Gong Pildu and Min Jiwon were the same.

"There is no need to ask."

"...Isn't the Supreme King still stronger?"

"Wait, didn't ahjussi say that he defeated the Salvation leader?"

Bullseye.

"Is the Salvation leader really that strong if ahjussi could defeat him? I
didn't see it but he must've used a strange trick. No?"

In a sense, it was correct. My mood was somewhat strange as I added an excuse.
"...I was just using myself as an example. The Salvation leader might be
stronger than Yoo Joonghyuk. In fact, I had a pretty hard time before."

Lee Jihye's eyes widened with surprise. "Master, is this real?'

"...That guy doesn't fit with me." Yoo Joonghyuk's words threw the party into
confusion.

"Then... isn't the Salvation leader the strongest?"

"Oh my god, there is a person stronger than Master?"

"However, what is the criteria for the ranking? Combat power? Or is it the
person who wins in a fight..."

I replied to Min Jiwon's question. "It is possible they are using overall
combat power. In the first place, not everyone can fight each other. There
could be a change after fighting."

"That reminds me, what did the dokkaebi say? He is the strongest so he would
know the most..."

We looked at Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, is there something different from usual? Did the dokkaebi say
anything to you?"

Yoo Joonghyuk formed a fist and slowly replied, "...Well, I haven't heard
anything."

I looked around at the party members and said, "I don't think we can confirm
anything."

"Then what should we do?"

"Let's just think that this is a good thing. After all, none of us here want
Yoo Joonghyuk to die. For now, let's make a reasonable judgment that Nirvana
is the strongest and get rid of him."

"If it turns out that the Supreme King is the strongest..."

"We will think about it then."

Min Jiwon told me, "The Salvation Church is in Gangbuk. It isn't easy to
approach because the borders are heavily guarded and there is a huge
difference in force. Even if we all go..."

"We won't go there. We'll make him come to us."

"How? Will he respond? It would just be a loss for him..."

"You are thinking with common sense."

However, Nirvana wasn't a person with common sense.


