### Chapter 281: Ep. 53 - Demon King of Salvation, III

Jung Heewon muttered, "...Dokja-ssi?"

Beyond the glare of Kim Dokja's light, the huge eye was looking down at the
world. The moment she faced this eye, Jung Heewon's entire body trembled. The
ground was distorted and shook like a tsunami was approaching.

\[The 73rd Demon Realm is crying out with pain\!\]

Lava burst from the broken crust and the overflowing heat once again
disappeared into the empty stomach. The whole world was becoming narrower
around the industrial complex. Then it was obvious what would've happened to
the other industrial complexes.

The transcendent magic power amplified by the story moved. It was unreasonable
to directly oppose that 'eye' but the seismic waves could be slowed.

"Quickly, you stupid disciple\!"

Kyrgios shouted and the space beyond the walls of the industrial complex
distorted. The horizon was swallowed up by a huge fog and disappeared into the
darkness. No, it wasn't the horizon any longer.

Nevertheless, Jung Heewon didn't release her string of hope. If what she heard
was right, the teachers and Kim Dokja had already predicted this situation.

"Ahjussi\! What the hell is this?"

Cheok Jungyeong's body disappeared and Kyrgios and the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint were in a poor state. However, Kim Dokja hadn't acted until the
situation became this bad.

Kim Dokja's lips moved as he constantly muttered something. His eyes moved
quickly as he looked for something in the distant universe.

Jung Heewon realized it. Just as they hadn't given up, Kim Dokja hadn't given
up either. Kim Dokja slowly came down towards the ground. Jung Heewon shouted
as a signal, "Get ready\!"

Lee Hyunsung used Steel Transformation and asked, "Dokja-ssi\! What should we
do?"

Everyone was watching Kim Dokja. They didn't know what but Kim Dokja would
have something in mind.

Kim Dokja slowly blinked and looked at the party members. Over the past few
days, Kim Dokja gave many things to the party members. Lee Hyunsung gained a
new shield and Jung Heewon got a new skill. Lee Jihye's magic power was
strengthened and Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung learnt a large number of
control skills. The party members believed it.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is moving for the owner of the story.\]

If they had this giant story that they built together and the plan prepared by
Kim Dokja, they would be able to knock down even the strongest enemy. They
even destroyed Surya's train. Even if this enemy came...

"Ah...jussi...?"

The earliest one to sense something unusual was Shin Yoosung. There were rough
sparks as Shin Yoosung's knees sank downwards. Her body couldn't move, like
there was a chain tied around her.

 This is the story of Dokja. 

The giant story that flowed from Kim Dokja's body became powerful shackles
around the party members. Lee Hyunsung was slowly sinking to the ground. His
face was blank as he asked, "Dokja-ssi? What is this...?"

Kim Dokja's expression was still unreadable. He was there but he didn't seem
together with them. The party members thought they were all in this together
so why?

Why did Kim Dokja seem to be there alone? There was no 'story' that existed
alone. Kim Dokja's 'King of a Kingless World' was linked to Yoo Joonghyuk's
'One Who Succeeded the Name of the King' while Jung Heewon's 'Exclusion of
Future Evil' was linked to Kim Dokja's One Who Showed Contempt for a Streamer.

Not to mention the giant story that was a share in a larger story. The giant
story 'Demon Realm's Spring' was of everyone who participated in the terrible
battlefield. Nevertheless, at this moment, the Demon Realm's Spring was only
for Kim Dokja.

\[The chief narrator of the giant story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has started his
story.\]

All the stakes in the giant story given to the party members were being
controlled. The party members resisted using their stake in the giant story.
Jung Heewon, Yoo Sangah, Lee Hyunsung, Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung...

Even with all the shares they had, they couldn't defeat the gigantic will of a
single person. It might've been different if Yoo Joonghyuk was awake but Yoo
Joonghyuk wasn't here now.

Jung Heewon sat on the ground and cried out painfully, "Wait\! What is this?
What the hell is this?"

Jung Heewon stared at Kim Dokja's expression and finally realized something.

Before a looming crisis, Kim Dokja always made a certain expression. The
corners of his lips curved slightly and he looked a bit unlucky, but it
reassured the members. Now Kim Dokja's expression...

Why?

"If you were going to do this anyway, why have you been preparing us for the
past few days? Why give me these skills?"

At Jung Heewon's desperate cry, Kim Dokja opened his mouth for the first time.
"I told you how to deal with the sasquatch in the 28th scenario."

"T-Then my shield..."

"It will be useful for catching the 'algonkin snake' in the 35th scenario.
Don't forget your skills. Didn't I tell you all how to use it?"

As always, there was a reason for the arrangement. To the companions who were
looking bewildered, Kim Dokja gave reasons one by one.

"Then this... this scenario..."

However, none of the arrangements were for this situation.

The darkness was covering the horizon. Kim Dokja watched the darkness and
spoke, "I'll handle this situation."

"Shit\! Don't talk nonsense\!"

Jung Heewon shouted. "I can't let you go\! Don't go alone again\! Please\!"

It was impossible for Kim Dokja to deal with that thing alone. The two
transcendents and Cheok Jungyeong couldn't block it. There was no way Kim
Dokja alone could face such a thing.

"Aaaaaaack\! I don't like this\! Dokja hyung\!"

She grew stronger because she didn't want to be in debt to him like last time.
She performed the hellish personal scenarios and frantically defeated
monsters. Jung Heewon shouted as she coughed up blood. "It is you who said we
couldn't do this alone\! You were the one who gathered us\! You told me all of
this\!"

An unfamiliar true voice flowed from the lips of the smiling Kim Dokja. \[I
know.\]

"What do you know? The person who knows, how...?"

\[Still, not now.\]

Lee Hyunsung screamed, "I don't want this\! I don't need this type of help.
I'll die here\! I'll die here with Dokja-ssi\!"

Dying here. Kim Dokja, who was staring at the sky, lowered his gaze towards
the party members.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at the party.\]

The party members heard the message. They looked at Kim Dokja's fluttering
hair. They saw his long eyelashes, his eyes, his white cheeks and sadly
distorted lips. Suddenly, they realized that Kim Dokja could exist in this
world with such an expression.

\[Please live.\]

They listened helplessly like the true voice was a command.

\[The demon king 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking out.\]

Kim Dokja's expression was changing. The sleeping power of the demon king was
awakening.

\[The story 'Demon King of Salvation' has begun.\]

The stories of the 73rd Demon Realm started to gather around him. The white
coat was stained black from the demonic energy and two horns rose from Kim
Dokja's head. It was the power of the 'Demon King Transformation' that only a
demon king could use.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking at his
friend.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is paying homage to his
adversary.\]

\[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' is making a furious yell.\]

\[The constellation 'Supreme God of Light' is watching the end of the 73rd
Demon Realm.\]

Dark feathers stretched from Kim Dokja's shoulders and reached towards the
night sky. The second hand of the clock tower moved slowly and Kim Dokja
soared. As if leaving this time, the Demon King of Salvation became a light
and flew towards the sky.

The moment Kim Dokja penetrated the expanse, thunder struck. A few
thunderbolts poured down and the fog coming from the horizon stopped.

It was as if time had stopped. The party members looked up at the night sky
where Kim Dokja disappeared and couldn't breathe properly. Time continued
passing on the incomplete clock tower. One minute, two minutes, three minutes...

No matter how much time passed, Kim Dokja didn't come back. Jung Heewon
screamed, "Kim Dokjaaaaa\!"

At almost the same time, the transcendents were thrown from the wall. The
ragged Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios staggered and rose from their
spot.

The fog started eating the world again. It ate everything on the horizon and
was nearing the walls. The walls were disintegrating. People screamed.

Jung Heewon was busy thinking. 'He can't stop it. Kim Dokja can't stop that'.

Fog covered the entire industrial complex. The next moment, Jung Heewon felt
her body being transmitted elsewhere.

Yoo Sangah closed her eyes like she had given up and Lee Hyunsung howled as he
watched the sky.

Han Myungoh sat down and Gong Pildu guarded the destroyed castle.

Everyone was leaking white sparks. Then everyone in the Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim
Dokja Industrial Complex were sent somewhere else.

A threatening cry was heard from the fog like it was furious.

\[... \!\]

Soon, the darkness swallowed up everything.

  

* * *

  

In the faint uproar, Yoo Joonghyuk opened his eyes. The muscles of his body
didn't move well. The aftereffects of Recovery were big.

He stared up at the cracked ceiling and took deep breaths to calm himself.
Then he remembered what happened.

There was the Demon King Selection. He refused to regress. He fought with Kim
Dokja and won against Surya. He thought about it and energy filled his head.

They won. They had won.

Magic power moved roughly through his body and he felt a bit dizzy. His senses
slowly returned. He blinked once again and the scene around him gradually
entered his eyes.

It was a hospital room. He could feel the texture of a soft bed and his right
hand touched something hard.

Yoo Joonghyuk raised his upper body with a groan and saw a small pocket watch
wrapped around his arm with a watch strap. The moving hands of the clock were
like his heartbeat. Yoo Joonghyuk looked down at his watch.

There was the faint glimmer of sunshine outside the window. The sunshine was
too bright for the Demon Realm.

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly rose and went to the window. Beyond the walls of the
collapsed industrial complex, he saw a strange but familiar scene. The broken
statue of Admiral Yi Sunsin and the ruined Gyeongbok Palace. Smoke was coming
from the collapsed buildings of Gwanghwamun.

It was Seoul.

He could see the party members sitting down outside the window. Yoo
Joonghyuk's head was confused.

Why... they were in Seoul? It was the entire industrial complex.

Yoo Joonghyuk looked at the party members with bewildered eyes. He didn't see
a familiar face. "...Kim Dokja?"

The moment he muttered this, a message was heard.

\[The story 'Life and Death Companions' is silent.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk heard the message with a blank expression and stared at the
window again.

...Not there. He couldn't be seen anywhere.

Yoo Joonghyuk looked up at the sky. The sky was bright enough that the light
of the stars wasn't needed. He counted the light of the constellation beyond
them. He counted and counted again. He didn't know. There were so many stars
that he couldn't find the person.

Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth and spoke in a trembling voice.

\[The item Midday Tryst has been used.\]

The message window that hadn't been used for a while was opened and a message
was sent.

\[The message has been returned.\]

It must be an error. He sent the message repeatedly, several times over and
over. He sent it, sent it and sent it again. As the messages kept being
returned, Yoo Joonghyuk's gaze slowly lowered. Then finally.

\[You have exhausted the quota for today's messages.\]

There was a ticking pocket watch in the foreground while messages filled Yoo
Joonghyuk's vision.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' doesn't exist in the Star
Stream.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' doesn't exist in the Star
Stream.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' doesn't exist in the Star
Stream.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' doesn't exist in the Star
Stream.\]

.

.

.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' doesn't exist in the Star
Stream.\]


