### Chapter 384: Ep. 73 - The hottest place in Hell, III

As if they were waiting for it, gazes rained down from the heavens.

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', agrees with your words.\]

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', nods his head at your words.\]

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of Golden Headband', asks you why you had to repeat
something so obvious.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is coaxing you to quickly punch
that old bastard.\]

Pungbaek heard what the Black Flame Dragon said in disbelief and shot a glare
at the sky. He was about to say something, but then, the next indirect message
made him flinch just a little.

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', believes that 'Demon King of
Salvation' is correct.\]

Pungbaek's head snapped towards Cheok Jungyeong right away.

\[Jungyeong, even you...\!\]

As if he felt ashamed by it, the latter avoided the piercing gaze.

Honestly, even I was surprised.

No matter how badly it had fallen, <Hongik> was still the Korean Peninsula's
main Nebula. Even under the current circumstances, it wouldn't have been easy
for Cheok Jungyeong to go against <Hongik> and side with me.

\[Many Constellations are getting interested in the clash between <Kim Dokja's
Company> and <Hongik>\!\]

Maybe it was due to Cheok Jungyeong's declaration, I now could sense the
attention of other Constellations. Among the winds newly blowing in the
neutral zone, I could sense their wary eyes locked on me.

I looked back at Pungbaek. "Are you going to continue?"

Honestly, watching his eyelids tremble intensely like that was difficult even
for me.

I spoke as if to mock <Hongik> earlier, but in truth, it wasn't as if Pungbaek
had been doing nothing to help with the Korean Peninsula's scenarios. The
thing was, the Constellation who lent his aid to my mother back during the
'Returnees War' was none other than Pungbaek himself.

That damn event stole away her lifespan in its entirety, though. Maybe, that
could be the reason why I was so pissed off right now.

\[The Wind shall never forget today's matter.\]

Pungbaek glared at me for the longest time before snapping his fan shut to
vanish like specks of scattering dust.

\[A large number of Constellations are impressed with your backbone\!\]

\[Small number of Constellations will remember that the reputation of <Kim
Dokja's Company> is not unwarranted.\]

\[Gossipers of <Star Stream> have recorded the applicable incident.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk, Han Sooyoung, Jung Heewon, and Lee Hyunsung  everyone was
staring at me. I couldn't spot any traces of fear in their expressions.

Most likely, they were thinking something similar.

It didn't matter what others said about our Nebula. No, we only had to move
forward towards the story we believed to be the right one.

\[A choice befitting you, Descendant.\]

Cheok Jungyeong, observing us, spoke.

\[Some Constellations will like that aspect of you and follow after you.
Truthfully, many Constellations of the Korean Peninsula are focusing more on
you rather than on <Hongik>. But... In return, those who hold animosity towards
you have grown in number, as well.\]

I grew cognizant of the fact that the surrounding gazes now felt different
after hearing him; some Constellations were glaring at us, while some were
looking on with envy. And some even shook their heads, their eyes saying that
we'd eventually become just like everyone else.

Once upon a time, we used to be like you.

Suddenly, it felt as if the Stories these Constellations experienced were near
enough for me to reach out and touch them.

\[Ancient Giant Stories are staring at the Story of <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

Every Story was the evidence of one overcoming scenarios. At times, they'd
serve as someone else's entertainment.

Every Story that reached this far had to break down and bend over in order to
survive. The times when they had to make compromises with the reality of <Star
Stream>, and when they had to agree to the demands of the Constellations and
Dokkaebis in order to carry on; that was how they managed to get here.

As if he was the voice of those times, Cheok Jungyeong spoke up.

\[<Star Stream> hates stories that haven't been broken yet. Especially so,
with a story as pure as yours.\]

Pure and not broken yet...

A chuckle left my lips after hearing that.

I was surprised that the world viewed us like that. Because that was basically
ignoring every road we've walked on so far.

"We had been broken over a dozen times already."

<Kim Dokja's Company> didn't stand on two feet from the word 'go'.

After the Korean Peninsula's scenarios began, it had to endure against the
Constellations' schemes and their inexplicable rage. Just like so many other
countless Stories, in other words.

"However, we managed to stand back up every single time. And now, we've
reached this far."

To us, the word 'pure' was more like an insult at this point.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is calmly staring at you.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is holding back its intense
crying.\]

As if they were agreeing with what I said, the two Giant Stories showed some
reactions.

"And in the future, we will continue to get back on our feet."

\[The germinating third 'Giant Story' has displayed fetal movements.\]

Even the third Giant Story soon to awaken reacted the same. Cheok Jungyeong
observing us slowly nodded his head.

\[I shall continue to watch your story.\]

At the end of those words, he turned around to leave. Korean Peninsula's
Constellations under him glanced at us for a bit before disappearing alongside
him.

He had surpassed the level of Historical-grade and stepped into the Narrative-
grade. On top of that, he had been a Constellation for a far longer period of
time than I, and he would be one of the best allies to have on our side as he
was a gifted natural-born fighter.

Of course, that would be under the assumption of us fighting on the same side.

I must've stood around looking too cool for my own good, since Han Sooyoung,
staring at me from the side, slapped my shoulder and jeered at me.

 Hey, you. Some people might think you're the protagonist or something.

Feeling a bit sheepish, I sneaked a glance in Yoo Joonghyuk's direction, but
he wasn't looking at me but at the distant horizon, instead.

"It has begun."

\[Scenario event has been generated\!\]

\[Regional conflict for 'Great War of Saints and Demons' is scheduled to take
place in the near vicinity of the applicable area\!\]

Neutral-leaning Constellations and Incarnations sitting around their scattered
tents were stunned by the system messages and hurriedly stood up.

\[When entering the conflict zone, 'camp selection' will automatically
generate\!\]

The sight of two enormous factions marching forward could be seen from afar.

The white-winged angels, decked out in armours brightly reflecting the light
were dyeing the land in a silvery hue along with Incarnations and
Reincarnators.

On the other side, Demon Kings stained in corrupted and demonic energy were
advancing forward with their dependents in tow.

\[Updated Main Scenario has arrived\!\]

<Main Scenario \#80  'Great War of Saints and Demons'>

Type: Main

Difficulty: Indeterminable

Clear condition: Participate in the Great War by siding with either camp of
Absolute Good or Absolute Evil. 'Good/Evil Points' of the camps will increase
when the affiliated camp accumulate a higher number of victories in the
scenario. Once the Points of a camp exceeds 100, the victor in the war will be
decided.

Time Limit: the applicable scenario's time limit is affected by 'Chaos
Points'.

Reward: Story related to 'Great War of Saints and Demons', ???

Failure: Death

  

\[Current state of Great War's progress\]

Absolute Good Points: 56

Absolute Evil Points: 56

Chaos Points: 51

\[Chaos Points will increase the longer the Great War is being fought.\]

\[You must select a camp in order to participate in the applicable conflict.\]

\[The scenario rewards will be greater the sooner you choose your camp.\]

We fell into a bout of silence while reading the scenario's contents. The
first one to break it was Han Sooyoung.

"Kim Dokja, what next? Do as we always did?"

\[Constellation, 'Hell's Scribe', is letting others know that the hottest
place in Hell is reserved for those who maintain neutrality in times of moral
crisis...\]

"That wasn't even something he originally said, yet why is he being so damn
chatty with that line??"

\[Constellation, 'Hell's Scribe', flinches in surprise and has closed his
mouth.\]

This 'Hell's Scribe' was actually the author of \[Divine Comedy\], Dante
Alighieri. And that famous line often credited to him actually had been
repurposed by the politicians of a later era. Still, that quote served to
enhance his fame in the long run, so he should have accepted that as a part of
his own Story.

The hottest place in Hell is reserved for those who maintain neutrality in
times of moral crisis.

It sure was a stirring quote when you first listen to it. Although, it was
hard to figure out what meaning was there to it in the world where even one's
moral choices served as someone else's entertainment...

"We need to decide this time. It'll be difficult to weasel ourselves out of
this one like in the past, unfortunately."

Whatever the case might have been, we were standing on the crossroads just
like the others, regardless of what Dante had said. Well, one couldn't even
participate in this 'Great War of Saints and Demons' if they hadn't chosen a
side from the get-go, anyway.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at the message and spoke up. "The Great War during the
1863rd turn ended in the victory of 'Evil'. Han Sooyoung chose the side of
'Evil', that was why."

"Why is it me again?? Besides, this isn't the 1863rd turn, you know?\!"

Han Sooyoung was right, though  this was not the 1863rd turn.

Indeed, this was the 3rd turn world of <Kim Dokja's Company>.

"Let's go."

The ferocious battlefield where the 'Good' and 'Evil' clashed could be seen in
the distance. One of the battlefronts belonging to the expansive 'Great War of
Saints and Demons' had raised its curtains.

\[113th regional conflict of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' has been
generated\!\]

\[List of individuals participating in the applicable regional conflict has
been released.\]

Right at the forefront of this Great War stood a Constellation that I knew
pretty well.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is participating in the
applicable scenario.\]

  

* * *

  

"P-please, spare me."

Staaaab\!

"Archangel-nim, p-please...\!"

Pained moans rose up from all over the place.

Heads belonging to the Incarnations who chose to side with 'Evil' at the
crossroad, were being sliced off by the blades of the Archangels.

This was the war of Stories.

Just because of your affiliation with the Story of one side, you'd be treated
as an enemy by the other side.

Leaving the fallen Incarnations behind, Uriel studied the battlefield with an
expressionless face.

Once upon a time, she sympathised with them. She felt sad at the Incarnations
being swept away and consumed by the great narrative, and she was angry at the
misfortune they had to suffer. She was like that for a long time. At one
point, doing that was the entirety of her life.

'...I wanted to catch up with all the <Star Stream> broadcasts I missed,
though'.

Uriel chewed her lip while looking at the waves of a Demon King's army rushing
in.

Being born to spread the 'Good' didn't mean you could live your entire life
doing only just that; truth was, the physical dangers didn't eat away at a
Constellation, but the erosion of one's mind did.

The emotional labour that lasted for an innumerable length of time had
instilled a deep-seated disillusionment of the world, as well as unfathomable
madness, inside her.

\[Soul of Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is trembling unstably.\]

Whether it was a strong Constellation or a weak one, there was not one being
who could take it easy inside scenarios. Because 'scenarios' were a system
like that, to begin with.

Gu-ooooh\!

To forget that they were being consumed by the scenario, and to live for yet
another day, Constellations had to consume other Stories. They would spectate
on the scenario, get angry at someone's situation, pour out their criticism,
show respect, or be moved by what they saw.

It was the same story even for an Archangel like Uriel.

\[, get out of my way\! I missed the initial broadcast because of you
lot\!\]

\[Hell Flames Ignition\] spewing out from Uriel's blade struck the Demon
King's dependents and turned them into ashes. She couldn't properly control
her own power unleashed out of urgency; also, hastily summoning only half of
her true body to participate in the war played a large role in that, too.

\[Demon Kings participating in the regional conflict are shocked by the
Archangel's power\!\]

Of course, this half of a true body was none other than Uriel's. So, any ol'
Demon King couldn't even serve as her opponent.

\[Demon King, 'Monarch of Stars and Logic', releases his Status\!\]

\[Demon King, 'Grand Duke of Dragons and Foul Odour', unleashes a Giant
Story\!\]

\[Demon King, 'Speed of Sound Demon King', lets out a crimson howl\!\]

\[Demon King, 'Duke of Everywhere', is being taken over by excitement and
madness\!\]

The problem was, the Demon Kings participating this time were not some run-of-
the-mill types, either. Uriel's expression hardened after she spotted the
Demon Kings brushing past her \[Hell Flames Ignition\] to come closer.

\[The crazed Archangel is right before us\!\]

\[Do not fear\! I, the Demon King, Buer, will be with you\!\]

Originally, the Demon Kings scheduled to enter this particular regional
conflict were not supposed to be them. However, they shifted around the
location of combat personnel, and that meant Uriel now found herself having to
deal with all these Demon Kings at once.

\[You bunch of \! Get lost\!\]

Arrows imbued with demonic aura blanketed the entire battlefield; Uriel spread
\[Hell Flames Ignition\] like a barrier to block them.

As she tried to look after the lower-ranked Angels retreating in haste,
several arrows managed to lodge themselves in various parts of her body.

\[How amusing. Oh, great Angels, are you running away?\]

\[You bring dishonour to the reputation of 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'.\]

\[Shut up\! You'd all be dead meat if only my full body had descended\!\]

Even under the barrage of attacks raining down, Uriel didn't moan once,
breathing angrily like a bull, instead.

\[Stop ganging up on me like a bunch of cowards and face me one on one, you
\!\! Fu\! If it's one on one, I can kick all your butts even if you're
Agares, Gamygyn, or Marbas\!\]

Yells from the agitated Uriel only elicited mocking leers from the Demon
Kings. They all knew how powerful she was; they knew, and that was why four of
them showed up to hunt down a single Archangel. And right up until the last
moments, they remained meticulous.

\[This is war, oh dear Angel.\]

\[Hell Flames Ignition\] of the Uriel covered in blood clashed with the Demon
Kings.

She was seriously strong; with only the strength of half a true body, she
still managed to cut the arm off of 'Monarch of Stars and Logic', and crushed
the favoured pet dragon of 'Grand Duke of Dragon and Foul Odour'. Not only
that, the 'Speed of Sound Demon King' even lost both of his legs.

Unfortunately, that was as far as she could go.

She looked behind the moment she felt a chilling sensation  and the dagger
belonging to the invisible Duke of Everywhere flew in squarely aimed at her
heart.

\[I shall be devouring an Archangel's Story today.\]

She belatedly swung her sword in desperation, but her Incarnation Body had
been slowed down by injuries and it was far too difficult to respond. And in
the next moment...

Staaaab\!\!

A blade glowing brightly stabbed past the chest of the 'Duke of Everywhere'
from behind. Black blood splashed down to the ground.

The blade repeatedly pierced through the Duke's back, right up until the
broken Incarnation Body's breath finally stopped, fragments of Stories
bursting out in a grotesque fashion.

And a single stream of the white blade sliced off the head of the Duke next.

\[Someone has killed the Demon King, 'Duke of Everywhere'.\]

Uriel saw the two people standing behind the fallen Duke. The ones she'd
recognise no matter how far they were, they were standing so close to her at
this minute.

"There's no way I'll sit back and watch my Constellation get beaten up like
this."

Indeed, it was none other than her one and only Incarnation.

And then...

\[Demon King, 'Demon King of Salvation', is victorious in the 'Demon King
Promotion'\!\]

\[Demon Realm ranking is being adjusted\!\]

\[Demon King, 'Demon King of Salvation', has become '50th Demon King'\!\]

The protagonist of the story she'd been watching for a long time addressed
her. "It's been a while, Uriel."

\[Demon King, 'Demon King of Salvation', has chosen the camp to side with.\]


