### Chapter 241: Ep. 45 - Gourmet Association, V

Iris was confused.

Originally, she was supposed to sign a contract with a constellation of
Asgard. It was a lesser-grade constellation that wasn't well-known and Iris
didn't like the contract. That's why she participated in the Bracelet
Expedition hosted by Anna Croft. Anna said that if Iris showed a great
performance here, Anna could change her intended sponsor.

Now in this unexpected place, a chance came to Iris.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' wants to establish a 'Sponsor
Contract' with you.\]

Thinking about it, there was no way constellations could only contract with
one incarnation. Some constellations had two or three depending on their
capacity. Of course, the power of the constellation was divided so the
incarnations received weakened stigmas.

Even so, Iris wasn't in a position to regret something like this. "I accept\!"

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' states that this contract is
only for a limited time.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' states that this contract is
valid until the end of the Bracelet Expedition.\]

Temporary contract...

'Yes, now isn't the time to be greedy'.

Iris bit her lips and nodded. By the way, the words of the constellation
weren't finished.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says there is a condition.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' wants the 'wish' to be
transferred to him after the scenario is completed.\]

Iris' mind was complicated.

...It was a temporary contract and he wanted the wish? A strange regret passed
over her but she wasn't in a position to pass up this chance. The Demon King
of Salvation's condition was based on completing the scenario. It meant he
would keep her alive, no matter what happened.

"I'll definitely give it to you."

At the same time, a holographic contract descended in the air. Iris ran over
and signed the hologram.

\[The Sponsor Contract has been completed.\]

Power flowed into her body and she felt that someone was supporting her. She
felt confident that she could do anything. However, Iris' confidence quickly
disappeared at the cries from behind her.

\[The incarnation hunting has begun.\]

There were screams as incarnations were torn apart by evil spirits.

  

* * *

  

\[Current number of expedition members remaining: 6 people\]

In the original novel, this game was called 'Hunting and Chasting'. This
wasn't a Gourmet Association event, it was an event hosted by Anna Croft. In
this round, Anna Croft decided to skip the process and start from the Gourmet
Association.

I continued to mutter towards the air and the Mass Production Maker asked me,
\[Hoh, you participated?\]

"...Did you participate?"

\[Huhu, I'm too old to run to scenarios like that. And... it doesn't suit my
tastes.\]

In fact, not all members of the Gourmet Association were enthusiastic about
this scenario. On one side, there were the constellations who disliked Anna
Croft. On another side, there were the constellations who disliked the event
itself.

\[Hmm. I don't see your modifier on the list of evil spirits...\]

There were 15 constellations who participated in the scenario. However, the
number of constellations who chose the role of the evil spirit was only 14. I
nodded and the eyes of the Mass Production Maker slowly widened.

\[Indeed, there was a reason the old hag Persephone brought you here. But is
it okay? You are here for the first time...\]

I replied with a smile. "The more brilliant my debut, the better."

Then the system message arrived like it had been waiting.

\[The story 'Gourmet Association Heretic' has been acquired.\]

Maybe Anna Croft would be listening to messages similar to mine.

 There is always a story in a place where many constellations gather. 

This was the first principle of generating a story. The level of the story was
determined by combining the risk to the story subject and the form of the
story. Anna Croft was currently an 'incarnation' and she was walking a
tightrope. If her scenario was successfully completed, it might be a legendary
story such as 'Follower of the First Generation' or 'Story Manipulator'.

I closed my eyes and saw what was happening with Iris.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at his incarnation.\]

I felt sorry when I saw her shaking shoulders but I didn't have any good
memories for this child. I wasn't good enough to show kindness to her. That's
why this was just a gesture for 'trading'.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says to stay calm.\]

Iris gulped and replied.

I don't know if I can do it.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says there is no hopeless
scenario.\]

All scenarios had holes to escape out of. The hole was small and tiny so it
was highly difficult to clear on the first try. This meant there was a chance
to clear it after trying a few times and I was a person who knew more about
this world than anyone else.

The sound of the evil spirits moving could be heard in the distance. Iris'
physique was at the limit and the only stigma I could pass on was Sacrifice's
Will. Dammit, that stigma wouldn't help in the current situation. However,
stigmas weren't the only things that constellations could give.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is giving his incarnation the
'Assassination King's Cloak.\]

Iris was surprised to see the gift that emerged in the air. It was an item I
bought for 150,000 coins from the Dokkaebi Bag. It had a usage limit of 30
minutes a day and lacked the ability to deceive the constellations, but the
current situation was different.

\[...Here?\]

The constellations emerged from the grass as if they were waiting. The
constellations that became evil spirits looked different. There were a giant
horned demon and a spirit with a bull's head holding a small scythe. The only
thing they had in common was that they had no feet and were shrouded in a
black cloak.

\[Hmm, strange. It was definitely around here.\]

\[Did you see it properly?\]

Iris disappeared and the constellations who were evil spirits couldn't
discover her traces at all. The constellations who played the role of evil
spirits were under strong restrictions. The constellations in the role of the
evil spirit could only one-tenth of their current 'status'.

For the constellations, a game wasn't fun if it was too easy. Just as there
were no humans who would rejoice in stepping on 15 bugs. They didn't hesitate
to impose constraints on themselves for entertainment. This was the
constellations of the Gourmet Association.

\[It seems she must've done something. Let her run a bit more. The scenario
should be stacked up to taste better.\]

\[...Huhu, I'm looking forward to it.\]

The constellations searching the grass soon gave up and Iris received a system
message.

\[The expedition member Iris Vladimirovna Rebezova has survived an evil spirit
once.\]

\[The story 'Bracelet Expedition' has accumulated.\]

This scenario was made up of classic stories. The longer Iris stayed in the
scenario, the more the energy of the classic story would permeate her.

I-I lived\!

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says you were lucky this time.\]

If these guys were high-ranking constellations, it would've been impossible to
hide from them using the Assassination King's Cloak.

However, just like Persephone and the Mass Production Maker, the really high-
ranking Gourmet Association constellations wouldn't run like dogs towards this
scenario. It was also interesting to watch other constellations vent their
desires in this event. In other words, they were the real audience I should
aim for.

Thank you for the gift.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says it is a loan.\]

...Yes.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is sympathetic to your
incarnation.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' reproaches your
harshness.\]

The scenario would start from now on.

  

* * *

  

As the number of expedition members continued to decrease, Iris moved towards
the volcano while avoiding the eyes of the constellations. She also had the
good luck of collecting the bracelet from the expedition members that died
along the way.

\[Current number of expedition members remaining: 2 people\]

It was natural since I was participating in the scenario while reading Ways of
Survival in real-time. It was because Ways of Survival contained a very
detailed account of the Evil Blight Bracelet, the prototype of this scenario.

I analyzed the terrain using the scenario map and moved Iris along the most
efficient path towards the volcano.

\[Haha, this is a fun story. Wasn't there a lot of delicious food? I'm
drooling...\]

The other constellations seemed to notice that someone was involved on the
'expedition' side. Nevertheless, none of them were panicked.

\[The expedition member 'Merves Lutier' has died\!\]

Shortly afterwards, Iris was alone.

\[...It smells delicious.\]

The scattered evil spirits were gathering near the volcano. They knew that the
last expedition member had to come to the volcano. Now the time of the
Assassination King's Cloak was almost up. I gave a signal to Iris.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says to do it now.\]

Iris started running towards the volcano. I stared at the back of the running
girl. All the constellations of the Gourmet Association were watching the
little girl running with all her might.

Perhaps, everyone knew. This girl, she had no choice but to die here.

"Ah..."

She was 100 steps away from the volcano when the privilege of the
Assassination King's Cloak finally ended. The 10 evil spirits wandering around
instantly gathered.

\[I will eat first\!\]

Iris watched the incoming evil spirits and backed away with terror. Her last
desperate gaze was towards the sky.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is asking to lend him your
incarnation body.\]

Iris gasped as her mouth opened.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says it isn't an 'advent'.\]

If I manifested in the form of an 'advent', I would also be constrained by the
scenario. Thus, I wouldn't do it as an 'advent' this time.

I had a skill that was more efficient and consumed less probability. I
deliberately pulled out a few stories that made up my incarnation body in
order to deal myself a serious blow.

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 3 has been
activated\!\]

\[The 1st person supporting role viewpoint has been activated.\]

\[Your understanding of 'Iris Vladimirovna Rebezova' has increased\!\]

I opened my eyes to Iris' point of view. Maybe my body in the Gourmet
Association was currently sleeping. Thus, I had to end this game in the
shortest amount of time.

\[Some constellations have noticed your presence\!\]

At the same time, there was an outpouring of true voices towards me.

\[There was someone helping her. Who are you?\]

\[Hoh, is it an advent?\]

\[This windfall...\!\]

Iris received the accumulated stories and her body shone golden. I laughed
bitterly as I looked down at myself.

One way for a newcomer in the Gourmet Association was to grow step by step.
However, if I dragged it on like that, I might not be able to reach the end of
the story after 3,000 chapters.

\[Did that Anna girl plan something? The person I just killed was a sword
master.\]

One constellation walking in the distance spoke as he threw the incarnation in
his hands. Perhaps he was the last expedition member to die.

\[You look like a new recruit. It is best for you to leave this place. Or else
your body will suffer a great blow.\]

The head of the dead expedition member rolled towards me. It was the head of
the incarnation who fled to the end but eventually didn't survive. I carefully
picked up the head and one of the constellations sneered.

\[Do you pity him? Huhu... this guy doesn't know art.\]

"Why should their lives be your art?" I stroked his head and the memories of
the dead incarnation flowed in. The memories soon became a story that dwelt at
my fingertips.

\[A fragment of the story 'Grudge of a Brutally Murdered Sword Master' has
been acquired.\]

The constellations drew back with a frown.

\[...You like dirty stories.\]

"Dirty? You gave it to me."

Why did this person easily become a sword master? It was simple. He originally
received it from a constellation.

"The story is boring. The scenario is too slow. It is the power that all of
you gave them."

The things that were received gathered. Someone became a sword master. Someone
became a great magician. Then the sword master and great magician became the
sin. They all became the prey of these beings.

\[What are you trying to do? Stop eating\!\]

A hot-tempered constellation raised the power of the evil spirit. Originally,
Iris couldn't defeat them. The expedition could never win against the evil
spirits. However

The evil spirit screamed and retreated from the burning sword.

\[Kuaaaack\!\]

In my hand was the sword I had purchased along with the Assassination King's
Cloak.

\[Item Information\]

Name: Eoren's Sword - Replica

Rating: SS+ \(Specific scenarios only\)

Description: A sword energized by a first generation story. Only female
incarnations can use it and it can generate a force that resists evil spirits
for 10 minutes.

It was a sword that cost 200,000 coins. It was also a sword that was useless
apart from in this scenario. Normally it was an item I would never buy.

\[...A first generation sword?\]

\[Hey, don't be scared\! It's just a replica version\!\]

In fact, I was really worried about it.

\[Many constellations are astonished by your actions\!\]

I had wondered if it was worth taking this risk for this scenario. I measured
what I could get from it.

\[Some members of the Gourmet Association are showing a strong hostility to
you\!\]

Some things should be calculated and some shouldn't. Then I made a choice.

"You knew I would come to the volcano." I decided not to calculate things.
"Then did you know? I also knew you would be gathering here."

No matter what penalties were received or if the opponents were
constellations. I couldn't afford to pay attention to it.

Nevertheless, I smiled like always. "Let's start the real hunting."


