### Chapter 456: Ep. 86 - The square circle, III

"My concerns?"

"Yes. Uhm, like... If you're unhappy about your work, or..."

The first person I went to speak to was Lee Seolhwa. She was wearing an
outdoor scientist garb, and with a small magnifying glass, studied every nook
and cranny of my face as if I was some sort of an unidentified herb. She then
replied to my question. "Mm, well, I don't particularly have one."

She might be saying that, but there was no way that she didn't have any
complaints.

"As the head representative of the company, I can only apologise to you. I'm
aware that you have worked hard to protect Seoul during our absence."

"H-mm."

"It must've been very difficult to..."

"Do you really think so? And not like, staying back in Seoul must've been so
much easier?"

Her voice sounded sharp, prompting my lips to close shut before I realized it.

"I knew it. That's what you were really thinking of. You were just being
sarcastic, yes?"

"No, never. I wouldn't."

"I know that others had been entering dangerous scenarios. Even if that was
the case, remaining in Seoul wasn't all plain sailing, you know." Lee Seolhwa
lowered her gaze and began searching for something within the bushes once
more. "It should be around here somewhere..."

Lee Seolhwa has never taken a day off.

Her Story began speaking up for her, instead.

After the group departed from the \[Industrial Complex\], she operated its
sickbay and looked after the patients. Every day, the injured suffering from
similar types of wounds would rush in. She watched them die, and while looking
at their passing, she thought about her companions.

"I won't be much help in the latter half of the scenarios. I'm well aware of
my own potential, and my Constellation is also only a Historical-grade as
well. But, I still do my best every day."

For sure, the intensity of Status floating about her vicinity felt quite
different from before. It wasn't as if her combat abilities had improved, but
well, how should I put this? It was like her pool of knowledge in the skills
had gotten even more profound.

"Whoever it is in the <Kim Dokja's Company>, I can save that person as long as
he or she still breathes. I can ensure that no one will die."

It was true that Lee Seolhwa's current growth rate was unmatched in any of the
regression turns from the original novel. If my guess was correct, then she
should soon reach the pinnacle of 'Life and Death Miraculous Doctor'. Without
a doubt, she was a necessary person to achieve my dream ending.

"What kind of a person was I in the novel you read, Dokja-ssi?"

I got flustered for a moment there by the unexpected question. "You were an
important person."

"Okay, by how much?"

Lee Seolhwa was one of the heroines to appear in the 'Ways of Survival'.
However, I couldn't come out and say that she was Yoo Joonghyuk's lover from
the past. From the get-go, I thought that he wouldn't want that to be known...
And most importantly, I wasn't sure if that would be an appropriate
description offor the person called 'Lee Seolhwa'. Who was she, really?

"Well, that..."

Just before I could carry on, Lee Seolhwa's expression brightened and she
shouted out. "Ack\! Found it\!"

Her hand was holding a small flower. That must be the herb she was searching
for. I immediately recognised what that was.

White Ghostly Flame Flower. The final ingredient for the 'Life and Death'
pill.

At a casual glance, it looked like an ordinary wildflower. Eating this herb
alone had no effect whatsoever. However, the miraculous elixir that was the
\[Life and Death Pill\] could never be concocted without this herb.

She began smiling like a little kid. This sense of life that couldn't be felt
from the pages of the 'Ways of Survival' was emanating vividly right before my
eyes.

This is Lee Seolhwa.

That's why I gave up on recalling the words from the novel altogether. And
then, I said some lame things instead. "You're the best doctor that I know
of."

Praise cooked up by a small kid might be better sounding than that.

Even so, Lee Seolhwa grinned back at me. "Thank you. Even if you didn't mean
it."

"I did mean it, though..."

"Please wait for me. I will turn those empty words into reality soon."

I watched her leave in search of another herb, and came to a realization. What
she was curious about earlier wasn't the 'Ways of Survival'. Unlike me, she
didn't need such a novel in the first place.

\[You have currently resolved 0 complaints.\]

I hadn't made any headway into the scenario, but I didn't feel so bad.

"It's not that easy, right?"

I looked behind and found Yoo Sangah once more.

"...Yes, it's not easy."

"But, that's only natural. If you could finish up all the conversations you
had been putting off as if it's some kind of an event, then that's something
out of a novel, not reality."

"I guess so."

"Even then, you must carry on."

I nodded my head. "Who do you think I should speak to next?"

"It'd been better if you did it yourself, but I'll help you again this one
last time."

She used her hand to shield her eyes and scanned our companions. It was then,
a message entered my ear.

\[Currently, <Kim Dokja's Company>'s contracted workers are feeling
dissatisfied.\]

...Contracted workers? Did our Nebula have people like that?

Yoo Sangah then pointed to a spot. "Why don't you head over there this time?"

The moment I looked there, I realized who the 'contracted workers' were.

  

* * *

  

A short while later, I was addressing three people standing before me.

"I have something to discuss with you."

"What is it? I'm really busy so hurry up. I must go and find that 'Black Flame
Dragon's Star Relic', right now\!\!"

Han Myungoh raised his voice as if to urge me along. Gong Pildu and his
disinterested face, and the pouting Jang Hayoung were standing next to him. I
could easily tell that they weren't exactly happy about being summoned here
like this.

Even though they had experienced scenarios together with us, they hadn't
joined the <Kim Dokja's Company> properly yet.

"Everyone, there's something you should know first."

I decided to tell them something that they didn't know, a piece of information
that <Kim Dokja's Company>'s companions already knew  the 'Ways of Survival'.

It was a big decision on my part to tell them about it, but rather contrary to
my initial expectation, Gong Pildu's reaction was lukewarm at best.

"There was a time when I used to believe everything in the land price
pamphlets. I guess you're still too naive."

"Pardon?"

"Young people these days..."

It seemed that Gong Pildu didn't really get what I was saying.

On the other hand, Han Myungoh seemed to be under a great mental shock. "S-so
you knew everything, yet you just left me to end up in that wretched state??"

Jang Hayoung also seemed to be surprised, albeit for different reasons. "So,
that's how it was. That's why you knew so much back in the Demon Realm..."

Thankfully, their reactions weren't as bad as I thought. But then again, they
had already met a regressor and plenty of reincarnators, so maybe, my story
didn't sound so crazy to them by now.

I breathed a sigh of relief inwardly and continued on. "There's only one
reason why I told you this information. I'd like to formally hire you into the
<Kim Dokja's Company>."

My words caused the three to exchange glances with each other.

The first one to speak was Gong Pildu. "On whose authority?"

\[Incarnation 'Gong Pildu', has joined <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

...Could it be that the term "being coy" was invented for this ahjussi?

Next up was Han Myungoh. "Are you going to retain my previous position as a
department head?"

"Well, we don't have any ranks like that, but if you want, I can create one
for you."

"Please make sure that you pay your wages on time. As for paternity leave and
overtime..."

\[Incarnation 'Han Myungoh', has joined <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

Finally, I shifted my gaze over to Jang Hayoung.

\[Incarnation 'Jang Hayoung', has joined <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

"...Okay, so, Flame Dragon-ah, something happened just now, and it's..."

She was using her 'Wall' to send out messages of her employment to pretty much
everywhere.

Congratulatory messages from her friends in the <Star Stream> continued to
flood in. While looking at her being genuinely happy, I grew a lot more
complicated in my head.

If I knew she'd be this happy, then I should've let her join us earlier.

"By the way Kim Dokja, why are you suddenly letting me join you?"

She waited for my answer with sparkling eyes.

I had several reasons why I didn't let Jang Hayoung join the <Kim Dokja's
Company>. But at least for today, I didn't want to think about them. I
definitely needed her. However, I didn't bring her into the Nebula simply
because her presence was a must during the Conclusion.

"I wanted to witness the end of the scenario with you."

Jang Hayoung's eyes grew wider after she heard me.

I felt uncomfortable while watching her pale cheeks tremble like that. As
expected of someone possessing looks that easily slapped Yoo Joonghyuk's
cheeks at least two times in a row.

She blinked her large, clear eyes and energetically nodded her head. "I'll
really work hard\!"

She clenched her fists tightly and began typing away once more.

\[Congratulations\! You have resolved the complaint of the contracted
worker\!\]

\[You have currently resolved 1 complaint.\]

I finally succeeded with one.

So, being the head representative was this tough, huh.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is asking you if the rumour is
true.\]

What rumour??

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is asking you if you really
confessed to Jang Hayoung.\]

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is asking the maknae Sun Wukong...\]

...Just what kind of a rumour was spreading around here?

I had no idea what she was so busily typing away there, but regardless, I
could see Jang Hayoung diligently tapping on the imaginary keyboard in the
air.

"Hey, you. Come and eat supper\!"

Han Sooyoung's loud shout came from afar.

The delicious aroma wafting in from somewhere attracted the companions and we
gathered around one by one. Then, Han Sooyoung stared at Yoo Joonghyuk as if
it was the most obvious thing in the world.

"Well, then. Shall we taste your high-and-mighty cooking skill in action,
then?"

"...And why should I share my cooking with you?" He glared at the rest of the
group with a menacing glare, before turning around to leave while throwing
these following words behind. "...There are leftovers that side, so why don't
you eat that."

We looked over in the direction he was pointing at. And straight away, we
became utterly speechless.

They were now witnessing the essence of cooking.

We all settled down quietly on the table like a bunch of mice that got
entranced by the pied piper, and then, began rubbing our eyes in disbelief.

These were dishes created out of the monster that Lee Gilyoung and Shin
Yoosung caught, as well as with the medicinal herbs Lee Seolhwa had found. No,
hang on... How could he even come up with a feast of this scale with only those
ingredients?

I was pretty certain that the dining table of 'Shi Huangdi who dreamed of
Immortality' wouldn't be as flashy as this one.

"Wow. Master, you gotta come and cook during my funeral, okay?"

"Why your funeral, though? That's really an ominous declaration, you know."

The group began hurriedly chowing down the grub. Jung Heewon, Lee Jihye, Han
Myungoh, Gong Pildu, even Jang Hayoung... They were all seriously focused on
eating right now.

Even Han Sooyoung and Yoo Sangah, too.

"Hey, hold up. That's my share."

"There's enough to go around for everyone. Why are you being so greedy?"

Some even began fighting over the food, too.

"Ahjussi, please try this one\!"

"Hyung, this one, too\!"

Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung sat on either side of me and shoved spoonfuls of
food into my mouth without a moment's rest. My cheeks swelled up like a
hamster as I chewed the rice, and of course, I didn't forget to feed the kids
side dishes in the meantime. It was tasty. Seriously tasty. So tasty, in fact,
I was almost thankful that the 'Ways of Survival' had become reality for a
moment there.

Shin Yoosung's eyes rolled around as she chewed the meat, then she whispered
in a small voice. "It's like we're on a school trip..."

When I heard her, I immediately wanted to kick myself to death for feeling
thankful that the 'Ways of Survival' had become reality.

The school field trip  one of the things children had lost in this world.

I placed my hands on the heads of the kids and spoke to them. "You're right.
It's like a field trip."

Although, the one learning from this trip wasn't the kids but me.

"Ahjussi, what would you like to do after the scenarios are over?"

"Hyung will live with me."

"I wasn't asking you\!"

What I want to do after the scenarios were over... Normally, I'd have smiled and
glossed over the topic, but for some reason, I... I ended up uttering out
something without realizing it.

"I want to buy a really big house and live together with everyone."

When I raised my head, I noticed that the once-noisy surroundings had fallen
into an eerily silence. Lee Jihye, Jung Heewon, Gong Pildu... even Han Sooyoung
was looking at me, her mouth agape.

Jung Heewon was the first to fire the salvo. "...In that case, Dokja-ssi, you'll
be paying for the house, yes?"

...Huh?

"Ahjussi, you're really loaded, so you might be able to get a house in
Gangnam."

"I'll sell you my land."

"If it's possible, somewhere close to the kids' school..."

I had no idea that something I just threw out there would cause such a ripple.

And so, the group chatted about the potential house I'd buy throughout the
supper. Stuff about how the interior should look like, or how many rooms it
needed to have...

Washing the dishes was left to me and Jung Heewon, the two losers from the
rock-paper-scissors. I could have won by using \[Omniscient Reader's
Viewpoint\], but of course I wouldn't do that during this trip.

\[You have acquired a new Story\!\]

\[You have acquired the Story, 'the One who Yanked Out the Conscience's
Fur'.\]

...Also, it was nice to get a new Story, too.

As I was cleaning the dishes, I spotted something falling in the distant skies
above. It was a shooting star. Falling stars that left behind lengthy trails.

Most likely, those were planets that were falling for real.

The <Star Stream> was marching towards its own oblivion.

Jung Heewon looking up at the sky next to me spoke up. "It's like back then in
the \[Cinema Dungeon\]."

I nodded my head. For sure, it was kind of similar to that day. We were also
together like this on the rooftop of the dungeon. We were looking at the
falling stars and making our wishes.

"Dokja-ssi, you asked me to become your sword back then."

Indeed, I asked her to become my companion in that place. And after that, she
had become the greatest ally anyone could ask for. Without her, I wouldn't
have been able to arrive at this moment in time.

"...But, someone else became the literal sword instead of me."

Those words made me shift my gaze over to the \[Steelsword\] laying quietly on
the ground. Even as everyone was taking their much-deserved break, the sole
person to miss out on the festivities was right there. Lee Hyunsung with his
heart not beating  he seemed to regain his consciousness sporadically, but he
remained as a sword and didn't want to move.

"Please do not worry. Before we head off to the next scenario, I'll definitely
wake up Hyunsung-ssi."

"You know of a way?"

I nodded my head.

Lee Hyunsung's issue wasn't the only one we need to deal with, though.

We now required much greater power. Because our goal didn't simply stop at
clearing the scenarios, that's why.

To fight the <Bureau> as well as the entirety of the <Star Stream>, I needed
to start gathering Constellations that would stand with us.

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', is looking at you.\]

And Lee Hyunsung's Constellation backer would be the first to join us.

Jung Heewon spoke up as if my confident expression left an impression on her.
"By the way, Dokja-ssi?"

"Yes?"

"Will it be fine for you to stand around here trying to look cool? I mean,
aren't you in the middle of a scenario? You really aren't a being-kidnapped-
and-dying enthusiast, are you?"

"Uhm..."

Along with her words, the scenario window popped up before my eyes.

\[The day is coming to a close.\]

\[You have currently resolved 1 complaint.\]

I reconfirmed the failure penalty of the sub scenario once more.

Failure: Death \(?\)

I looked up at the shooting star in the sky.

"...Maybe, this might very well be my Final Scenario."


