### Chapter 503: Ep. 96 - Demon-like Judge of Fire, III

The Final Dragon of Revelation.

The great calamity that decides the end of 'Great War of Saints and Demons' as
well as the most horrifying apocalypse of <Star Stream> itself.

\[The Stage Transformation's degree of reproduction has exceeded the
percentage limit\!\]

The lightning bolts powerfully tearing through the storm clouds now took on a
different hue than before. Both <Asgard>'s Odin and <Papyrus>'s Osiris jaws
dropped in sheer astonishment.

"Black Flame Dragon\!\!"

The Apocalypse Dragon's gaze lingered on Han Sooyoung's face for the briefest
moment in time.

It's possible that Uriel isn't the only Constellation different from the
original.

Back in the original novel, this guy was the Constellation backer of the
'Delusion Demon' Kim Namwoon. He was the leader of evil dragons that
represented the 'Absolute Evil', not to mention the ruler of the Nebula <Black
Cloud>.

He raised his head high up to the sky and cried out.

The entirety of <Star Stream> shuddered from the screech that announced the
arrival of this world's final pages.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon's'  is 'Something that can't
be found'.\]

I had read what his  was from the original novel. His description showed up
when he became Yoo Joonghyuk's ally for a little while during the 1863rd turn.

The evil dragon suffering from the worst possible depression in this <Star
Stream>.

The reason why the 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' believed his age to be 15 was
simply that he'd not be able to continue on if he didn't.

A life stretching for thousands, no, tens of thousands of years, made an
originally solitary dragon into such a creature.

In order to stop itself from decaying, he chose not to age. He chose not to
lose his curiosity of the world. He chose to torment Incarnations or play
bizarre pranks. And for his final prank, he even chose to betray the 'Absolute
Evil', too. He stood on Yoo Joonghyuk's side and while mocking the <Star
Stream>, breathed his last.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', has reached his \!\]

What about this world-line, though?

Did he finally manage to find his  within this empty universe?

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon's'  is 'Pureness'\!\]

The 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' looked at me and smiled.

His child-like eyes were now dyeing the world in the night of apocalypse as if
he was satisfied by the role he had found.

\[Fully-satisfied Probability has recreated the 'Apocalypse Dragon' in the
Final Scenario\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has achieved perfect unity with
the scenario\!\]

The Myth-grade Constellations began roaring at the top of their lungs at the
reproduction of Apocalypse Dragon.

\[This is impossible...\!\!\]

Every Constellation alive was well aware of the Story of Apocalypse Dragon,
the great calamity capable of destroying a section of <Star Stream> with
nothing but its 'First Tail-flick'.

\[Stop him\! Kill him before the tail-flick commences\!\!\]

The clearly-freaking out Myth-grade Constellations ungainly lost their
composure and issued their orders.

Han Sooyoung, Yoo Joonghyuk and I all looked up at that spectacle.

None among these Myth-grade Constellations have experienced the 'Apocalypse
Dragon' before. Because their peers that did fight it had all perished back
then.

After all, these bastards had been hiding inside this 'ark', the safest place
in the entire world, and watched the moment of the Apocalypse Dragon being
unshackled as if it was a form of entertainment. In other words, they had
absolutely no clue what this fear was like, the terror, and what it meant to
risk their lives.

Yoo Joonghyuk next to me asked a question. "You... You have been preparing for
this moment all along, haven't you?"

I slowly nodded my head. "That's right."

From the moment the first scenario began, I had been calculating a certain
something.

Just how much Story would I need to compile in order to massacre the
Constellations in the Final Scenario?

I couldn't get to an answer. A human's lifespan was short, but stars were
eternal. Since our starting lines were different, the battle would never be
fair, and most important of all, I wasn't a regressor like Yoo Joonghyuk. I
couldn't live a life of 1863 regression turns and fight them afterwards.

"It was wrong to even think about compiling Stories to fight them. Whether
it's a legendary or mythical Story, you can't suppress those beings in terms
of pure Status no matter how many Stories you manage to amass."

"And so, this is what you came up with."

I nodded my head and stared at Kim Yoo-Shin and Gyebaek fighting together with
\[Shindansu\] behind them.

Kim Dokja found the answer to this battle within the 'Stage Transformation'.

The Stage Transformation; although it was imaginary, this power would grow
closer to reality as Probability expanded.

I confirmed the potential of this power when defeating Surya back in the
'Demon King Selection' battles, and the first outlines of my plan formed in my
head when we defeated <Olympus> back in the 'Gigantomachia'.

And I grew even more confident after we experienced the 'Great War of Saints
and Demons', then won the 'Journey to the West'.

The more they succeeded in the impossible-odds scenarios, the greater the
power of reproduction their 'Giant Story' possessed.

The air they breathed, the emotions they felt on that day  the fear humans
felt while facing the apocalypse, their eyes fixed to the outpouring of the
stars.

And now, it was the turn of the Constellations to feel the fear people felt
on that day.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is continuing on with its
storytelling\!\]

The Apocalypse Dragon's 'First Tail-flick' commenced.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwakwa\!\!

The Apocalypse Dragon's tail-flick was divided into three separate shockwaves.
The first was 'electrical wave', the second was 'heat wave', while the true
tail-flick and the third wave was the 'wave of Chaos'.

\[Kuwaaaaah---\! I shall block this\!\]

Thor, who had defended against the electrical wave with me back then, stepped
forward. He must've felt confident this time too, since he had dealt with it
in the past.

Unfortunately, that was a terrible misjudgement on his part.

\[Thor-\!\!\]

Thor's scorched-black figure crash-landed from the air.

The reason why he could defend against the electrical wave back then was
because Dionysus, me, and my master were there to aid him. However, no one was
helping him out this time.

\[Uwaaaaah-\!\!\]

Just as the fear-stricken Constellations turned around to run, all the Myth-
grade Constellations unleashed their Statuses. Along with the incredible storm
of aftermaths, all the stars in the sky flickered unsteadily.

And then, the exploding electrical wave blanketed entire surroundings like
fine fog particles.

Once the view cleared out, one could clearly see that the Apocalypse Dragon's
electrical wave had been weakened by a great deal.

\[...And it only amounted to this much?\]

Tsu-chuchuchut...\!

The one who defended against the electrical wave was the leader of <Asgard>,
Odin. His dignified beard, which was his pride and joy, was scorched black.
His clothing had all melted down, too, leaving him buck-naked. He revealed his
skin, horrifyingly deformed by that wave, and laughed out loudly.

\[With such measly little...\!\]

Shu-susususut...

Right in the next moment, <Asgard>'s Constellations manning his side began
scattering away like dust. Their lives were exhausted completely while dealing
with the Probability necessary to offset the shockwave.

Odin's eye grew large from shock. Grey-coloured powder spread about helplessly
in the air. With that one attack alone, half of <Asgard> was wiped out.

Ku-oooooooh\!\!

It was a similar situation with <Vedas> and <Papyrus> as well.

\[...Nuwa\!\!\]

Osiris belatedly understood the severity of this situation and looked behind
while shouting that name out. That was where he discovered Nuwa leading the
forces of <Emperor> to withdraw from this cabin. She had recognised the
unfavourable battle situation and prepared to retreat from very early on.

"Gong Pildu."

After I called out, Gong Pildu's castle moved. His \[Armed Fortress\]
accurately blocked off the path leading to the Emperor's worldview, and its
turrets began spitting out flames.

"You're going nowhere."

At same time, the Apocalypse Dragon's second shockwave exploded out.

The flames of the 'heat wave' boiling over from the deepest part in hell began
melting down the Constellations in the air.

\[Bureau\!\! How long are you going to sit back and watch?\!\]

Odin's scream prompted the Great Dokkaebi Garang to raise its hand while Story
endlessly gurgled out from its mouth.

\[...Fine. If you wish to use the 'Stage Transformation', then...\]

Suddenly, I felt this ominous foreboding.

Tsu-chuchuchu...\!

The Stage Transformation's authority was now in full display. A powerful
deluge of sparks caused me to hurriedly look behind, only to discover blood
trickling out from Yoo Sangah's lips.

"Sangah-ssi\!\!"

The lotus pedestal spinning next to her suddenly developed cracks.

She vomited out a chunk of blood and spoke in an ashamed voice. "I stopped
one... from coming out, but... a portion of the other has..."

There were two great beings sealed away in the 'Isle of Reincarnators' by
Sakyamuni. One of them was the Apocalypse Dragon, while the other was...

\['Wall that decides Samsara' is violently writhing around\!\]

\['Wall that decides Samsara' is unveiling its theme\!\]

\[Existence from another world is breaking past the 'Wall's' seal and has been
recreated in this world\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Black fog was distorting the heavens as it rushed in here.

Countless eyes could be seen beyond that dark fog. It was <Star Stream>'s
cleaner, the one that should've been imprisoned within the eternal darkness
after Sakyamuni had sealed it away.

\[\! Oh, the 'Indescribable Distance'\!\]

I realized what the Dokkaebis were trying to do. They were trying to use the
same method I used back in the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' to stop the
Apocalypse Dragon.

And so, the two calamities representing the absolute worst-case scenario of
<Star Stream> collided.

\[Haha, hahaha\! You shall never reach the final verse\! You shall never-\!\]

With those final parting words, the heads of all the Great Dokkaebis exploded.

The 'Indescribable Distance' sucked in their Stories and violently writhed.
And then, this Outer God that had earned the Great Dokkaebis' Stories, and the
Black Flame Dragon that earned the power of apocalypse, glared at each other.

\[Third shockwave is now commencing\!\]

The Apocalypse Dragon's tail moved. The calamity moved very slowly, its speed
very measured but assured.

Nuwa grew impatient and yelled out loudly in the air.

\[Just what are you all doing?\! Fu Xi\! Shennong\! All of you damnable Three
Sovereigns and Five Emperors, just for how long are you planning to enjoy the
slumber of abyss?\!\]

Ku-gugugugu\!\!

Nuwa's true voice managed to wake up the <Emperor>'s ancient Constellations.
The blessings from the Myth-grade Constellations that hadn't shown themselves
until now completely enveloped Nuwa's Incarnation Body.

The truly explosive rise in her Status forced Going Pildu's \[Armed Fortress\]
back.

We needed to stop her.

We couldn't afford to let them escape back to their own worldview.

\[Giant Story, 'Journey to the West', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The Nebula <Emperor>'s Giant Story began its story; Nuwa transformed into a
gigantic Imoogi and her flames began amassing within her maw.

Just before the <Emperor>'s Constellations gathered their fighting spirit and
rushed towards us...

Kurururung\! Rumble\!

Lightning bolts struck down from the sky and Nuwa screamed loudly.

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of Forgotten Ones', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The sight of Tongtian spread out in an instant, and an existence draped in the
golden tiger hide defended me.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa...

He was the sole existence capable of standing up against the <Emperor>'s vast
Myth-grade Constellations.

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', has incarnated into the 'Final
Ark'\!\]

He was also a star that became my brother.

\['Meihouwang' is looking at you.\]

\['Bimawen' is looking at you.\]

\['Douzhanshengfo' is looking at you.\]

All of the Sun Wukongs addressed me.

\['Great Sage, Heaven's Equal' is turning his back to you.\]

\[Go now, maknae-yah.\]

We could see the Apocalypse Dragon's tail colliding against the Indescribable
Distance in the distant sky. We all knew very well the likely outcome of that
collision.

He dreamed of every star's destruction. But, did he really wish for such a
result?

I had never forgotten the final moment of the 1863rd regression turn.

The Great Sage turned around and rushed towards the <Emperor>'s
Constellations.

Even before I could reach out, Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung grabbed me and
ran away.

Gong Pildu continued to shout something or rather, while Lee Seolhwa was
pulling out all the recovery medicines in her possession. I couldn't tell
whether Lee Hyunsung's forged steel covered us first, or the pure-white flash
of light managed to blanket the world before that. It felt like my whole body
was melting down from the incredible heat, only to become deathly cold as if I
was exposed to a cold snap.

When I came to, we were already cast outside the cabin.

Stories leaked out indiscriminately from the gaps of the crumbling walls,
painfully singing the end of the stars.

The prop storage's door hadn't been closed yet. Ash drifted out through the
half-open doorway.

\['The Fourth Wall' is violently trembling.\]

Maybe, somehow, everyone inside that cabin was...

Shu-sut...

There was a faint presence of someone beyond it, and Han Sooyoung's voice
entered my ears almost at the same time.

"...Kim Dokja?"

I crawled towards the door. My heart didn't want to stop pounding away. I
barely managed to reach the rim of the doorway, and saw someone standing
there.

Torn white feathers were cascading downwards one by one.

My lips bobbed up and down. I wanted to say something.

But in place of my mouth wanting to open, Uriel slowly bent down first.

\[...Dokja...\]

I couldn't hear her true voice properly. I tried so hard to get back up as
Uriel reached out to me. And her white hand brushed past my face as if she was
stroking my cheek and brows.

I saw the enemy Constellations standing back up from beyond Uriel's broken
wings. Some stars somehow managed to survive even from this utterly horrifying
calamity.

\[The 'Stage Transformation' has concluded.\]

I could no longer sense the Status of the 'Indescribable Distance'. I then saw
the huge body of the 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' now lying unmoving on the
floor  and the Constellations from the Great Nebulas pouncing on top of him,
as well as demons tearing into the wings of Archangels.

Countless enemies were approaching Uriel.

"Urie...\!"

I was about to open the door, grab my sword, and cut them down for Uriel.

However, the door didn't open.

Uriel held fast the doorknob from the other side and didn't let go.

Jung Heewon's cry, as desperate as a real scream, resounded out. "Uriel\!\!
Hurry\!\! Hurry and get out of there-\!\!"

\[It's okay.\]

I didn't want to hear what she was about to say next. Uriel smiled at me.

\[You guys, you've only seen up to this far in the story, that's all.\]

The cabin's door was closed shut.

\[You have accomplished a feat that no star in <Star Stream> has ever managed
to accomplish\!\]

The story beyond the door could no longer be heard. Some of us screamed out,
while some despaired. The ark seemed to tilt out of balance, before it crashed
against something along with a loud boom. I rolled around on the floor
ungainly. The vibration of the ark had already come to a stop by the time I
lifted myself up, the wave of vicious dizziness washing over me nonstop.

I didn't have any energy left to even stand. I could only manage to raise my
head and look ahead. My eyes followed after the broken partitioning walls to
discover a new location.

That unknown something colliding with the ark had become connected to the
vessel's interior.

\[All the stars in <Star Stream> will never forget you.\]

None of those stars were looking at us now. But, there was one existence
remaining still looking at us.

\['King of Stories' is waiting for you.\]

A yellowish mineral-like object rolled down the slope of the destroyed ark. I
recognised what that was. That 'gemstone' was what we had been searching for
inside this ark all along, after all.

However, neither me nor my companions had any energy left to focus on that
gemstone.

"..."

I left the ark and slowly scanned our surroundings.

We were greeted by a wall so vast that its ends couldn't be seen. Stories
leaking out from the ark was permeating into that wall.

And so, Kim Dokja has finally arrived at his destination.

That wall was now talking to me.

The end of all these stories. The 'Final Wall' was right before their eyes.


