### Chapter 163: Ep. 32 - Kim Dokja's Love, II

I thought I heard wrong and dug at my ears. However, the message didn't
change.

\[A huge fate is hoping for your death.\]

What the? I pressed hard against the brakes as my mind became troubled. Han
Sooyoung screamed from the sudden stop. "What is it? I was in the middle of
feeling good\!"

"Please be quiet."

I once again listened. This time a voice appeared as well as the message.

\[A huge fate is hoping for your death.\]

This was the third time. I gulped. Dammit. Was there an incident where a 'fate
message' appeared three times in the original novel?

I thought about it. It was... the 71st regression Yoo Joonghyuk. At that time,
Yoo Joonghyuk had been named due to Yama, king of hell.

Shit, what was going to happen?

Han Sooyoung scowled and asked again, "Why? What's going on?"

"Someone has read my fate."

"...Fate?"

Fate. It was as scary as the 'probability' in Ways of Survival.

Strictly speaking, this was a force using 'probability' in the broader sense.
However, there was a reason it was called something different. It was because
'fate' was the power of the constellations, who exercised their accumulated
probability.

"Uh, wait a minute. It seems to be a story that I vaguely know..."

"Perhaps there was a quick mention in the beginning of the novel."

"Fate... is it similar to Future Sight?"

"It is similar but different."

In fact, it was very different. Reading fate wasn't as simple as reading
'information of the future'. Rather, it was even more dangerous.

"If Future Sight is a glimpse of a predictable future, fate was a power that
forced a predictable future."

I didn't know if Han Sooyoung understood so I added an explanation.

"For example, let's say I step on the accelerator for five seconds. Then when
I look using Future Sight, won't I be driving?"

"...Well, I guess."

"However, if I know information about the future, I might not step on the
accelerator."

"That is possible."

"Fate is different. If someone reads the fate that 'Kim Dokja will step on the
accelerator for five seconds', this fate is forced unless it is withdrawn or
realized. To put it simply..."

"You must step on the accelerator."

I nodded and Han Sooyoung spoke like it was strange. "By the way, isn't it a
bit weird?"

"What?"

"It doesn't fit the probability. According to you, 'fate' is a force that
interferes with the scenario but who can force it?"

"Who..."

In principle, the dokkaebis couldn't interfere with the scenario. Thus, there
was only one being who could interfere. Han Sooyoung immediately knew the
answer. "Even if it is a constellation, alone..."

"It is a problem because they aren't alone."

"What?"

"Only the big nebulae can read fate."

Then a big explosion occurred in front of us. Something was approaching at a
formidable pace. It was on a different dimension from the monsters we had met
before.

Han Sooyoung's face paled. "...Kim Dokja, what exactly is the fate message that
you received?"

"I will die."

"Dammit, you should've told me that first\! Why does something always..."

Han Sooyoung spat out and was about to leave the car. A presence appeared in
front of them. I reflexively drew Unbroken Faith but the man opened his mouth
first.

"Kim Dokja. I have something to tell you."

It was my first time seeing him but I was accustomed to the energy from his
body. I instinctively felt that he wasn't an enemy.

"You are..."

The moment I smelt the scent of fragrant well and felt the overexcited air, I
discovered who this person was.

"...Did you come to say I will die?" I asked.

The incarnation of Dionysus, who smelt of alcohol, smiled at me with white
eyes.

"Ah, you already know?"

I had a good impression of Dionysus. He fought for me on the way to the
banquet location. Still, that was a different story from the current
situation. I opened my mouth and spoke in a wary voice.

"Are you the ones who read my fate?"

"Yes. Olympus read your fate. But if you're asking if I'm one of them, I'm
not."

"What do you mean?"

Dionysius' incarnation just smiled. A thought crossed my mind the moment I saw
the smile.

"Surely Olympus isn't splitting apart?"

"You are truly smart."

...Already? This development was faster than the original. The breaking apart of
Olympus was scheduled but it should've happened after at least 10 scenarios.

"It isn't just Olympus. Many constellations are aiming at you. They are very
strong and mighty existences."

I had expected it. Otherwise my 'fate' wouldn't be so overbearing.

"Why are they aiming for me?"

"Those strong people are afraid of your influence."

"I'm just a fledgling constellation."

"That's how it should be. However, the scenario started on Earth is very
special. Some constellations believe this is the scenario we have long been
waiting for. Ahh, don't make that expression. I'm not saying this so you can
understand."

I wanted to say that my face always looked like this but Dionysus continued.
"In any case, just know that this scenario is very important to us. Then you
showed up in the scenario."

"I don't know what it is but I'm disturbing things."

"Yes. You are bound to be an obstacle. You will be less influenced by
probability than other constellations. You have overwhelming growth and
strength compared to other incarnations. That's why some nebulae believe you
should either be absorbed or removed."

I briefly looked at Dionysus. "Why are you telling me this information?"

This was the thing i was most curious about. Why was Dionysus showing kindness
towards me?

"It is because I like your story." Dionysus laughed heartily and added. "Some
constellations and I believe that you can reach ."

  

* * *

  

Jung Heewon and the group spent the day investigating the dungeon of Paradise.
There was no way to invade with a large number of people at once so the party
decided to scatter and find a method. The method Jung Heewon chose was
straightforward.

'I will mix in'.

In the afternoon, new criminals appeared. Uriel gave her the Recluse's Cloak
and she chased after the guards while the dungeon was open. The guards and
arrested criminals went through the underground door without feeling her
presence.

The prison was much deeper than she thought and the darkness was beyond her
imagination.

'Where are we going down to?'

It was a depth she couldn't understand. Why did it need to be so deep, even if
it was a prison? It would be inconvenient to move...

She was feeling doubts when the guards' footsteps came to a halt. Strangely,
all of them looked tense.

"All of you, move over there\! We will withdraw immediately\!"

The guards were afraid, as if this was a place they shouldn't enter. It was
the same for the scary guard captain. Then a thick iron door opened and once
it was opened, an entrance filled with metal bars could be seen. There were
several layers of steel bars. It was a prison with excessive defenses designed
to lock humans in.

"Everybody go in\!"

The guards drove the prisoners inside and quickly rushed away.

"Aaack\!"

"Help me\!"

Jung Heewon mixed in with the prisoners and recoiled at the sight. Why were
these people thrown here? What was going on here?

"U-Uhh... where is this place?"

The prisoners looked around. There was a faint light but it was extremely
dark. Jung Heewon would've also been lost in the darkness if it wasn't for her
Night Vision skill.

'This is a prison?'

She looked around and didn't feel it was a prison at all. The surrounding
landscape was closer to a natural cave and there was no method to distinguish
between prisoners. No, there were no other prisoners trapped in the first
place.

'How does food distribution happen? What the hell is this?'

It was a 'dungeon' system that couldn't be understood at all. The prisoners
she came in with were also disconcerted.

"What are we supposed to do here?"

"Excuse me\! Is anybody there?"

The scared prisoners shouted but there was no reply. Instead, faint sounds
were heard in the darkness.

Jung Heewon slowly pulled out the Sword of Judgment. The moment she stepped in
here, the crying of her sword became more violent.

'This...'

An eerie sensation reached her back and Jung Heewon shouted, "Everyone, run
away\!"

However, it was already too late. Monsters rushed from the darkness and
pounced on the people.

"Uwaaaack\!"

"Save me\! Kuaack\!"

Leopard-like creatures were randomly biting people's arms and legs. People's
limbs were torn apart like they were toys and blood splattered.

She originally only planned to rescue the woman from Geumho Station but things
changed. The almost level 10 Demon Slaying skill was activated and a red aura
wrapped around her body.

Her Kendo drew a perfect line in the air. The leopard's body was split apart
in a neat line. The agitated leopards kept following her but she cleaned up
the monsters.

Jung Heewon's power reached its peak in a place where demons were swarming.

"I-I don't know who you are but thank you..." The people in the darkness found
her presence and thanked her. However, Jung Heewon couldn't afford to accept
the thanks. She had seen the faces of the leopards.

'What the hell is this?'

The leopards had the faces of humans. Jung Heewon reflexively ran through the
darkness.

All her senses had become cold with fear.

She ran and soon arrived at a cavern that was huge beyond her capacity to
measure. To be precise, it wasn't a cavern. There were countless monsters in
it. This was like the boundary of the Demon Realm.

There were 5th grade, 4th grade and even 3rd grade species. There were also
monsters she didn't know the rating of.

"This is Paradise..."

She couldn't find the woman from Geumho Station. Of course, Jung Heewon
wouldn't be able to find the woman. She had already been eaten or...

Kuaaah\!

She would become one of these monsters. The monsters felt her lifeforce and
were excited. Most of them were mixed breeds between demons and other monster
species. Some looked like insect kings while others were the outside species...
although this was just from the external appearance.

Prisoners were approaching behind her.

"Don't come\!"

Before her cry reached them, the ground started to shake and the monster's
feast began. The monsters ran out of the cavern like ants. Jung Heewon bit her
lips and used her hell flames again.

'I shouldn't have come in alone'.

No, what could the others do if they came with her? Could Lee Hyunsung and the
children fight against these distant enemies? Rather, it was good that she
came alone.

"Kuaaack\!"

The prisoners were eaten as prey while Jung Heewon wielded the Sword of
Judgment and used Hell Flames Ignition. The burning heat of the archangel's
flames caused the frightened demons to step back and be more cautious.

She didn't know how long this confrontation could continue. Some monsters
watched the movement of the flames and dared to jump forward.

"Oh, you are an archangel's incarnation."

At this voice, the monsters who weren't afraid of the flames withdrew with
weak groans.

She turned around and see Reinheit. He asked, "Are you ready to be the chief
of the guards?"

"...Can you say that after seeing me?"

Jung Heewon told him, "You are a liar. Paradise? Get away from the horror of
the scenario? Can you say that to me after making this place?"

She pointed the Sword of Judgment at Reinheit. Kim Dokja was right. There was
no such thing as paradise in this world. They... were bound to continue the
scenario.

Reinhart said, "If you want to kill me, you can."

"I don't need your permission."

She would naturally do so. She would borrow the power of her sponsor and end
this terrible nightmare.

\[Judgment Time is activated\!\]

\[Constellations of the absolute good system are struggling with your
request.\]


