### Chapter 438: Ep. 82 - Outer God, VII

For a moment there, Lee Gilyoung's lips bobbed up and down. Tears rapidly
welled up in the boy's clear eyes.

"Y-you, you..."

I finished patting his head and dragged a nearby piece of floating debris to
me.

\(Sun Wukong fired a wind-type magic behind him.\)

\[Exclusive skill, 'Way of the Wind Lv.10', is activating\!\]

Along with the gust of wind, the debris, with me as its passenger, shot
forward at a rapid pace. Lee Gilyoung's voice called out to me from behind,
but it was buried under the noise of the rushing winds.

\[Someone in the <Kim Dokja's Company> is suspecting your real identity.\]

\[The Wenny King is glaring at you\!\]

The Nine Stars noticed my movement and began pursuing me instead. A couple of
them even shot past me, rather than stopping me here.

I spotted the location of the 'sacred texts' in the distance. A single book
emitting beautiful light rested on top of a small island shrouded in a
mysterious fog.

And also, the Nine Stars and <Emperor>'s Constellations were standing before
it.

I sighed softly under my breath.

\[Outer God transformation rate: 98.3%\]

\[Damage to your Incarnation Body is critical.\]

There was only one remaining method now.

Out of the blue, Yoo Joonghyuk \[999\] maintaining his silence on my shoulder
spoke up.

 This is an idiotic move. Do you wish to become an 'Outer God'?

I broke out in a smirk.

'Are you scared?'

 If you force yourself any further, you will really become an 'Outer God'. If
you do, you'll fail this scenario.

I accessed the scenario window to confirm my goal.

<Hidden Scenario  Verifying Agreement>

Type: Hidden

Difficulty: ???

Clear condition: Introduce 'Outer Gods' to the <Star Stream>'s main Giant
Story. However, they must not be introduced in the existing role of 'Outer
Gods' as before.

Time limit: 100 days

Reward: Outer Gods' trust, ???

Failure: You will lose all of your memories and transform into an Outer God.

\* During the progress of the applicable scenario, you must not contact <Kim
Dokja's Company> and reveal your identity. If this condition is violated, the
transformation into an 'Outer God' will accelerate.

\* Warning\! Your identity is on the verge of being discovered.

\* Currently, the rate of Outer God transformation is accelerating due to the
poor condition of your Incarnation Body.

As I thought, reading it again only confirmed my suspicion.

'Even if I become an Outer God, I still won't fail the scenario. Becoming one
is simply the 'penalty' for failing the scenario, not the 'condition' leading
to its failure'.

 There is no difference between the...

'No, it is different. I'll be turning into an Outer God first before failing
the scenario itself'.

The time limit of the 'Hidden Scenario' I got from the Wenny King was 100
days. Meaning, I only had to accomplish my task in that time frame.

The problem had to do with the 'transformation into an Outer God' bit.

"The reason why I'm transforming quickly into an Outer God isn't that I failed
the scenario, but due to the bad condition of my Incarnation Body. So..."

 ...You won't fail the scenario even if you become an 'Outer God'. Is that it?

'Right'.

I nodded my head and studied our immediate front. It seemed that \[999\] had
finally realized what my goal was.

\[Shares of 'Outer God' in the applicable Story currently is 12.171%.\]

\[In order to complete the scenario, you must secure over 30% of the shares
for 'Outer God'.\]

At this rate, I'd not be able to meet that goal even if I got my hands on the
sacred texts and acquire the Giant Story. However, what if I became an Outer
God...?

\[Your role in the applicable Story is 'Sun Wukong'.\]

\[Your share in the applicable Story is 22.51%.\]

What if the role of the greatest Yogoe, 'Sun Wukong', was played by an Outer
God, and what if my goal was accomplished by doing so...?

 Why are you willing to go this far?

'What do you mean?'

 You won't lose anything even if you let the 'Secretive Plotter' or Outer
Gods be on their own.

'Won't lose anything...'

 Are you by any chance pitying the 'Secretive Plotter'? He doesn't need
sympathy from a fool like you.

'I'm sure that's the case. He's Yoo Joonghyuk, after all'.

 Yoo Joonghyuk? Don't make me laugh. He's not the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' you think
you know. He has already become a completely different 'something'.

I didn't reply to him. \[999\] continued on as he scanned the Constellations
of <Emperor> rushing towards us.

 You don't understand what it means to become an 'Outer God'. Once you become
one, you rapidly lose all the memories you have accumulated in your life. Even
the 'Secretive Plotter' had to create 'ports' like myself in order to endu...

So, that was the reason why these 'kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks' existed, I see.

I lightly nodded my head and replied.

'I know what I'll have to pay'.

 In that case, why...\!

'Because... I have to do it'.

I replied with a simple grin.

I slowly blinked, and during those short moments of darkness, the figures of
the 'Outer Gods' brushed past my mind.

\[AhAhAhAhAhAh\]

\[SavemeSavemeSavemSavemeSaveme\]

\[MymemoriesMymemoriesMymemories\]

The Outer Gods.

Creatures born out of all the countless world-lines where Yoo Joonghyuk had
failed.

The worlds that allowed me to live on until now. The traces of the worlds that
I loved so much.

'How can I make any other choice after seeing the truth?'

Especially so, when I could still clearly hear them even now?

Kuwaaaaaah\!

An energy blast destroyed the log I was riding on. But I simply ran on the
surface of the water by using the scattered debris.

\['Way of the Wind' is accelerating even further.\]

\[Way of the Wind' is evolving due to your speed that has reached its limit.\]

My leg speed gradually picked up and soon, I began running on the water
without the debris serving as footholds.

\[You have understood the pinnacle of 'Walking on Water'.\]

\[Due to the usage of an excessive amount of Status, the damage to your
Incarnation Body has worsened\!\]

\[Outer God transformation rate: 98.6%\]

My heart began pounding away in an ominous rhythm.

\[Outer God transformation rate: 98.7%\]

That beating noise, it was the sound of me becoming something that was no
longer 'me'.

\[999\] said something to me, but I couldn't hear him as the river exploded
all around us. What I did hear, though, was another voice coming from the
inside.

Kim Dok ja.

\[The Fourth Wall\] was talking to me.

Thi s is in sa ne.

It seemed that this guy had also been observing everything until now. But that
was pretty obvious.

Y ou w ill forg et ev eryt hing.

Kim Dok ja no lo nge r w ill be Kim Dok ja.

\[The Fourth Wall\] was right.

\[Outer God transformation rate: 99.1%\]

Once I become an 'Outer God', I'd lose every memory I acquired until now.

Kim Dokja was scared.

It was a horrifying prospect when I thought about it.

To lose all the memories he had made until this moment.

I looked at the paragraphs rising above the wall and spoke up.

'It'll be fine. Because you remember everything, right?'

Wha t?

'You've recorded everything about me, so I'll never forget about myself'.

The normal me wouldn't have tried something like this. I'd never want to
experience losing all my memories, after all.

\['The Fourth Wall' is greatly shaken up\!\]

However, I possessed \[The Fourth Wall\]. I had no idea how I acquired this
skill, but nevertheless, this Wall recorded everything the moment this story
began.

I recalled the sight beyond the Wall  the Library shrouded in forlorn yet
cosy darkness, as well as the Librarians that greatly cared about the place.

The important story of the 'Ways of Survival' that contained every Yoo
Joonghyuk regression turn had been recorded there, and...

...Even the unimportant life of 'Kim Dokja' was recorded there, as well.

That Library was recording everything about Kim Dokja, even in this very
moment.

Kim Dokja's breaths, his appearance, his laughter, and his manner of speech.

The food Kim Dokja likes and the ones he dislikes. Songs he hummed
occasionally. Expressions he makes when he's sad or happy. His habit of
muttering to himself when he's not feeling confident, and the ensuing self-
deprecation.

His habit of leaning his head slightly when worrying about the kids. The
slight twitch of his eyelids as he closes his eyes after thinking about his
mother. The smile he makes whenever he's talking to Yoo Sangah. His arcing
eyebrows and naughty smile whenever he's making fun of Han Sooyoung. The guilt
when he thinks about Lee Hyunsung. And...

The glint in his eyes when he recalls the story he loves.

That was why I could say it openly like this.

'I can just read from the beginning again'.

B u t

'From the moment the subway arrived, all the way up to when I arrived here in
the Journey to the West. I can just read them all again'.

The shell made out of light, fired from afar, landed near my feet.

I was swept away in the explosion of light and sunk into the water below. I
flailed about and grabbed hold of a piece of nearby floating debris.

\[Damage to your Incarnation Body is critical\!\]

\[Outer God transformation rate: 99.3%\]

I stood up and ran again.

I really had only a little more remaining.

'Because I love reading the most in this world, after all'.

Breathing got heavier and harder.

\[Outer God transformation rate: 99.4%\]

It felt as if my memories were beginning to scatter away already, bit by bit.

A spear fired by one of the Nine Stars brushed past my shoulder. But the pain
shooting up didn't even feel like it belonged to me.

At that moment, I inexplicably recalled a post I made a long time ago in the
online community portal.

 I'm looking for eyes that haven't read the 'Ways of Survival' yet.

I felt really bummed about the fact that the story I loved so much was coming
to an end and so, posted such a thing online. Recalling it made me smile ever
so faintly.

'To think that I'd forget about such an entertaining story and read it from
the beginning again. That'll be a good thing in my case, actually'.

Kim Dok ja is an id iot.

As if it was angry, \[The Fourth Wall\] yelled back.

I wo n't t ell y ou an yth ing.

Even if it was saying that, I knew it'd help me out anyway.

I w on't fo rgi ve y ou forg etting

My skin was ripped up from the barrage of the firestorm and the pain akin to
my back snapping in half tore through me.

\[Exclusive skill, 'The Fourth Wall', is strongly activating\!\]

And such pain was being blocked by \[The Fourth Wall\].

I swung my fist at the Nine Stars pouncing on me. My knuckles ached as if they
were punching hardened steel, but I didn't back off.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

...

...

...

\[Setting of, I've become the retired SSSSS-grade Sun Wukong, is
activating.\]

\[Due to the 'Retirement Penalty', your will to fight has decreased.\]

\[Due to the 'Retirement Penalty', you can't use all of your strength.\]

...Come to think of it, I forgot about that stupid setting being in place.

All the power of the Stories wrapped around my body were quickly abandoning
me.

\[Block him\!\]

\[He must not reach the sacred texts\!\]

The ruins housing the 'sacred texts' were right before my eyes. It was an
island made out of granite, a treasure that withstood the hardships of a
lengthy amount of time. The 'answer' that Tang Sanzang and his companions
acquired after 14 years of journeying was there.

\[Many audience members are looking at your Story.\]

\[Judge, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is waiting for your choice.\]

\[Judge, 'Meihouwang', is waiting for your answer.\]

\[Judge, 'Bimawen', is studying your Story.\]

\[Judge, 'Sakyamuni's Successor', is looking at you.\]

Everyone on this ride along with me was staring at this very moment together.

\[Outer God transformation rate: 99.7%\]

The Nine Stars desperately blocked my path. Fei Hu's Tang Sanzang was
hurriedly running towards the 'sacred texts' in the meantime.

If I wasted any more time here, then more Constellations from <Emperor> would
arrive and I'd not be able to retrieve the sacred texts.

\[Score: 50412\]

\[Ranking of the applicable Story chamber is 1st.\]

I looked up into the sky.

\[Scenario Master is looking at you.\]

For some reason, I had this feeling that, if it was her, she should've
realized it a long time ago.

That she knew already who I really was.

And why... I had to keep my identity a secret from my companions.

For some reason, I had this baseless hunch that she knew everything but
decided to feign ignorance until now.

And then, the Scenario Master's voice came to me next.

\(...Goddammit.\)

I smirked after hearing that. As the Constellations rushed at me, a new
narration began to unfold.

\(Sun Wukong looked at his enemies.\)

\(He had already fought against them in his previous life.\)

\[Outer God transformation rate: 99.8%\]

\(All those tiresome battles.\)

\(He was a retired man, and he swore that he'd never fight again. However...\)

I blinked my eyes while listening to the narration that sounded like a
lovingly-crafted letter.

Right, if it was you, I knew you'd have figured it out already.

...Figured out how this story would conclude.

\(As he slowly clenched his fists, strength from a long time ago welled up
uncontrollably.\)

\[Your 'Retirement Penalty' has been completely removed.\]

\(Heaven's Equal, the power to control the clouds and lightning of the sky.\)

\[Fifth Bookmark has been initiated\!\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Electrification Lv.23\(+13\), has been initiated.\]

\[Your 'Status' is overcoming the physique requirement penalty.\]

Pure-white physical energy swirled around; the electrical arcs from the
\[Electrification\] tore into the heavens above and destroyed the stars of the
Lords of the Nine Stars.

\(He was called the 'Saviour' because he saved many with his fists. And he was
called the 'Demon King' because he killed many living creatures.\)

Jet-black wings tore out of my shoulder blades.

\(And that was why he was the 'Demon King of Salvation'.\)

\(These were memories of the distant past.\)

I shifted my gaze back and saw the corpses of Outer Gods dyeing the Tongtian
River's waters.

\(Back when he reigned supreme at the zenith of all 'Yogoes'.\)

\(He ruled Yogoes, he fought, and in the end, was defeated.\)

\(The lengthy journey changed him, and through his awakening, he became a
Buddha.\)

They had died as the expendables for the sake of this scenario.

\(And this was the result of his awakening.\)

The headband on my head began hurting me. Even when suffering from this pain,
I still dashed forward.

Powerful Constellations of <Emperor> pounced on me next.

\[Stop him\!\]

\[He must never lay his hands on the sacred...\!\!\]

\(For the sake of all the Yogoes that died...\)

\(He decided to become the 'Demon King of Salvation' one more time.\)

\[Demon King, 'Demon King of Salvation', is revealing his Status.\]

Every Constellation before my eyes was flung away as blinding light exploded.
And beyond that light, a single book was waiting for me.

I reached out towards the 'sacred texts'.

\[Outer God transformation rate: 99.9%\]

\[Your existence is evolving into an 'Outer God'.\]


