### Chapter 343: Ep. 64 - A Road That Isn't a Road, IV

Sparks sprang around the broken soul and my mother's vitality was slowly
coming back. The busy wanderers attached my mother's story fragments together
as if they wouldn't tolerate a single error.

"This is what happened at the time. Do you remember?"

A single portrait was painted by a large number of people. It looked like a
banquet of artisans gathered to sculpt a single complete work of art. I was
amazed that so many people remembered my mother.

Some gazes killed a presence. After some scenarios started, the incarnations
died before the eyes of many constellations. They were exposed, peeped at and
forced to follow the constellations' desires. Now, these gazes were saving
someone.

"...Ah, I missed this time."

"I don't know what I would've done if Sookyung-ssi wasn't there. Right?"

The voices of the wanderers murmured. Perhaps the entire life we lived became
memories for one or two people.

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is showing pure admiration towards the
landscape of the accumulated story.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is greatly pleased\!\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is pulling his hair with
an unknown expression.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is grumbling while looking at
his incarnation.\]

Perhaps the channel inspection ended as the constellations gathered in Biyoo's
channel to watch the scene. My mother was finished in front of everyone's
eyes.

My mother, Lee Sookyung. The King of Wanderers, Lee Sookyung. Lee Sookyung, a
former prisoner. Lee Sookyung the essay writer. These 'Lee Sookyung' gathered
to make the whole 'Lee Sookyung'.

I stood still and Han Sooyoung poked me in the side. "Get out of the way,
you're disturbing us."

Certainly, Han Sooyoung had been with my mother for the past three years and
probably had a stake in her story.

I nodded and slipped out of the room. The restoration of the story was almost
finished and I didn't seem to be any more help. I was a bit nervous but she
was a writer... she probably wouldn't ruin my mother.

I heard Han Sooyoung's voice coming from behind me. "This... did you mention it
at the time? I didn't know. That's right, well..."

...Please be fine. I left the room and the party members were waiting for me.

"Ahjussi\!"

"Dokja hyung\!"

I hugged the two children while looking around at my companions. Jung Heewon,
Lee Jihye and Lee Hyunsung tied to a bed... Everyone was waiting for my answer.
Everyone seemed to know the situation, even if I didn't explain anything. Shin
Yoosung asked me, "Grandmother? Is Grandmother Sookyung okay?"

"I think she should be fine. It is entering the final stages."

Relief passed through the party member's faces at my words. Only one face was
different.

"Hey, why is Dokja hyung's mother your grandmother?"

"Ahjussi's mother is my grandmother."

"Dokja hyung isn't your father."

I quickly patted them on the back. "Now now, don't fight. You can both call
her grandmother."

"Really? Can I?"

"Yes."

I watched the red-faced Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung and tried to say
something else, but quickly closed my mouth.

To these children, what had happened in the past three years? What did these
children hear, see and talk about as they passed through dozens of scenarios
without me?

"...Hyung?"

I stroked Lee Gilyoung's head for a long time and Lee Gilyoung looked up at me
helplessly. Shin Yoosung, who was staring at the scene, grabbed my hand and
placed it on her head.

I held the two children in my arms and told them, "I'm sorry."

"...Yes? What for?"

"Just, for everything."

I knew that I couldn't ask for forgiveness, no matter what they told me right
now. Still, I wanted to say something. Maybe my mother's story had influenced
me. I didn't want to make any more tragedies that I couldn't talk about in
time. Nevertheless, the words didn't fall easily from my lips.

'You suffered, I'm sorry'. I wanted to say these words.

"It's fine." Shin Yoosung spoke. "We're fine, ahjussi."

Shin Yoosung raised her head and watched me. This was the person who should be
comforted but she was the one asking if I was okay. "Ahjussi... are you okay?"

I wasn't able to answer so I avoided Shin Yoosung's gaze. I looked up and all
my companions were staring at me. Lee Jihye looked pained while Jung Heewon
was anxious.

I smiled while moving my lips. "Why are you looking like that? I'm fine. My
mother has also recovered."

"Are you really okay?"

"I'm really fine. And..."

I carefully examined every party member. I felt the time that passed from the
wounds all over their body. The moment the giant story Gigantomachia was over,
they ran to this place first. It was without feeling the aftermath of victory.

"Gigantomachia... you all suffered."

Perhaps my expression looked ridiculous. For some reason, Jung Heewon burst
out laughing.

"Are those words the bonus? Dokja-ssi really... we are working here because it
is good."

Lee Jihye nodded by her side. Jung Heewon kept speaking. "In addition... why did
you run away alone again? Do you really want to die? Or do you want to be
confined again?"

"That's because the Mass Production Maker told me"

"You always have excuses."

I bowed to them. "I'm sorry."

This was the best for now. I could clarify things later. As I bent forward, I
could see the old combat boots. My gaze went up and I saw the man in the dusty
black coat. Suddenly, I felt refreshed. I knew that Yoo Joonghyuk belonged
here.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, you too"

"There is no time for pathetic stories. It isn't over yet."

Yoo Joonghyuk walked towards the room opposite the corridor with peculiar and
terrifying eyes.

As expected, Yoo Joonghyuk was Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Everyone seems leisurely? Did you come for a picnic?"

The door to the hospital room opened and Han Sooyoung appeared. It seemed she
had consumed quite a lot of magic power and her expression was tired.

"My mother?"

"It will take a while for her to wake up but her disease is healed. The rest
will be in the hands of time."

"You've worked hard."

"Yoo Sangah?"

"The medical staff are watching her progress. Aileen will start the treatment
as soon as she comes out. Isn't there a bit of star fluid left?"

Aileen had told me that only one person could be saved this time.

"Let's go straight away."

Aileen took the medical team and moved rooms straight away. By the way, once
we entered Yoo Sangah's room, we faced a strange sight.

"Seolhwa-ssi?"

I saw Lee Seolhwa in a white gown and taking care of Yoo Sangah. Was it an
illusion? I felt like the speed at which Yoo Sangah's story fragments flowed
out was reduced.

"What happened?"

"I used some medicine that Joonghyuk-ssi gave me."

"Medicine Yoo Joonghyuk gave you?"

Lee Seolhwa looked down at the small bottle on the table silently. It was a
disease that never occurred before. The moment I touched the glass bottle, the
item information came to my attention.

"...The Empty and Clear Stone Milk?"

I was startled. If this was the Empty and Clear Stone Milk that I knew, it was
a rare item that could compare to a star fluid. It was one of the greatest
elixirs that came from the veiled Zero Murim.

I had so many thoughts at once that I didn't know what to say.

"Where did you get this type of thing?"

"I heard he received it from the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint hadn't yet returned to Earth. It might've
been delayed because she was reuniting with her kin for a while. By the way,
the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint had the Empty and Clear Stone Milk... did she
go to 'that island'?

Aileen examined Yoo Sangah and said, "A bit of time has been bought."

"How much?"

"Around 30 minutes."

"If we acquire more star fluid..."

"It has reached a stage where she can't be healed with the star fluid. She has
exceeded the threshold. Honestly, it's amazing the thema hasn't been damaged
yet. Her mental strength is really..."

The party members cried out at Aileen's words.

"Wait, what are you saying?"

"Sangah unni will die?"

The party members listened to the medical staff's explanation and grasped the
seriousness of the situation. Jung Heewon and the children were pale. Lee
Jihye looked frightened.

"Ahjussi, are you lying? Right?"

"..."

"Sangah unni will die... there is really no way? Really? Not at all? Then what
have we done so far..."

Lee Jihye staggered like a ghost and shook me. "Ahjussi has died many times\!
If we get that attribute now"

There was no way to get that attribute right now. Jung Heewon hugged Lee Jihye
from behind and asked me. "Perhaps... is it impossible to use that previous
method?"

The previous method. Nobody explained it but everyone was looking at Biyoo in
the air.

"It is hard."

"You are the successor of the Underworld. Can't you ask them for help?"

"I've already asked them."

In the meantime, several indirect messages were heard in the air. They were
the messages of constellations who wanted to take advantage of the situation.

\[The constellation 'Emperor Who Dreamt of Immortality' is making a
proposal.\]

\[The constellation 'Emperor Who Dreamt of Immortality' says he will provide
you with the 'Divine Grass of Immortality' right now if you sign a contract
with him.\]

The Emperor Who Dreamt of Immortality... it was that 'king' of China. The Divine
Grass of Immortality' was definitely an item that could be compared to the
star fluids and Star Relic Fruit. However, the current Yoo Sangah couldn't
recover even if I used it.

 Don't do it. 

Everyone stared at one place.

 If you borrow their hands, they will surely ask for a ridiculous price. 

Yoo Sangah was talking. Her incarnation body had closed eyes but everyone
could hear her. The soul had more than half of herself scattered and only her
thema remained, yet she watched everyone here.

 Everyone. 

Yoo Sangah spoke to the party members.

 I'm fine. So... 

I didn't know who many times they heard the words 'I'm fine' today. Everyone
in this place knew what she meant by saying 'I'm fine'. To us, it meant the
time of hell had emerged.

 Gilyoung, noona is fine. Don't cry. Yoosung too. 

Yoo Sangah kept talking to the group. I held my throbbing chest and leaned
against the wall. Jung Heewon sat down on a chair.

 Heewon-ssi. I really like Heewon-ssi. Do you know? 

 In addition, Jihye... 

Tears were falling. Lee Jihye was weeping bitterly as she grasped the
bedspread. Her red eyes were gazing eagerly at me. From the side, I could hear
the sound of teeth grinding together.

"Kim Dokja, I will sign an Outer World Contract." Han Sooyoung grabbed my arm
and declared. "Then there might be a way. No, I will definitely make the
contract. I"

 Han Sooyoung-ssi. 

Han Sooyoung's chin trembled.

 You don't have to do that. 

Han Sooyoung dropped my arm. She left through the door like she didn't want to
keep listening. Yoo Sangah continued speaking. She was a person pouring out
all her remaining words.

 Hyunsung-ssi and Joonghyuk-ssi... I have something to tell you... but I don't
have much strength left. 

 Yes, I want to say, I will leave the others... 

Then Yoo Sangah glanced at me. I leaned against the wall while my wounds
throbbed.

The world shook. Nevertheless, I had to hold on.

"Everybody."

The moment I spoke, pain filled my head.

\[The Fourth Wall is warning you.\]

 N o. 

I ignored it and carried on. "Everyone, please go out for a while."

They all seemed to have lost their souls despite Yoo Sangah being the one who
was dying. The first one to regain their senses was Jung Heewon. She exchanged
glances with me for a moment before raising Lee Jihye. With her encouragement,
the members left the room one by one. Finally, Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung
left and I was the only one in the room with Yoo Sangah.

I took a deep breath before opening my mouth. "Yoo Sangah-ssi. Do you remember
the words that you said on the subway?"

There was no answer from Yoo Sangah.

"You said you liked reading books." I kept speaking to Yoo Sangah. "Murakami
Haruki, Raymond Carver, Han Kang..."

I recited the names of the authors Yoo Sangah said she liked. I sensed Yoo
Sangah's expression changing slightly. Maybe it was a distant memory that was
disappearing.

"If you can survive... are you willing to read books that aren't from those
writers?"

A fleeting light returned to Yoo Sangah's soul.

 ...What book? 

"For example, Lord of the Rings."

Yoo Sangah's soul body laughed. She recalled the old memory and smile faintly.

 ...Okay. As long as I can read it. If it is possible... 

These precious words, I remembered every syllable.

 If I can live again, I will read the entire story. 

I nodded. I didn't know if this method would work. In the original novel, this
had never been attempted. Still, this was the only method I could do. There
were huge sparks as the 'wall' appeared in the air.

I looked beyond the dead-end and stared at the Fourth Wall. Anyone facing this
wall at the end of the road would become desperate.

"Fourth Wall."

A thick and hard wall that couldn't be broken by anything. There was no such
artificial thing as the 'wall' in this world. It was a wall that someone had
made with an obvious purpose. I didn't know the exact purpose behind the
creation of this wall. Still, it was obvious that the 'wall' was built to
protect someone.

The moment I opened my mouth, the Fourth Wall also opened it. "Swallow her.
Don't leave behind even a single sentence."


