### Chapter 79: Ep. 16  The Fifth Scenario, III

The broken pieces of moon stone fell to the ground. A being scattering a
silver mane was hatching. If he was a cub, I could control him using the
'imprinting' phenomenon. But this being wasn't such a naive creature.

\[You have encountered a creature from a different world for the first time in
this scenario.\]

\[Affinity with the species from a different world has increased.\]

\[2,000 coins have been rewarded.\]

\[You have received a bonus skill for smooth communication with the other
world species.\]

\['Other World Interpreter Lv. 1' has been acquired.\]

I could hear Han Sooyoung gulp next to me.

It was natural to be nervous since the encounter with the other world species
was the prelude to the fifth scenario.

It was completely different from the previous scenarios. The slightest mistake
in the fifth scenario could cause all of Seoul to disappear.

\[The exclusive skill 'Other World Interpreter Lv. 1' is activated.\]

\[The effect of the item Protection Symbol of the Imyuntar has increased
understanding of the specific language.\]

The item I got from the fire dragon would be helpful from now on.

\[Automatic interpretation has started.\]

I heard a voice from the shining moon stone.

""\#%\#$... damn, already?"

The creature curled up inside the moon stone grumbled and raised its body. The
silver mane reminded me of a wolf at first glance, but I knew he was different
from a wolf. Above all, I knew the species of this person.

 They are three meters tall. The dominant species of the world 'Chronos' that
can transform using the moon stone at night. They are fighters with monstrous
physical strength who use the power of the wind. 

One of the five dominant species of Chronos.

"I am the great first wolf."

 In Chronos, they call the first wolf 'Imyuntar'. 

"I am Lycaon of the Imyuntar."

There was a creepy breathing sound in the darkness of the night, causing the
surroundings to be still. I made eye contact with him while Han Sooyoung hid
behind me. Of course, I didn't back down.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Lycaon Isparang

Age: 371 years old.

Sponsor: Shadow of a Destroyed World

Exclusive Attributes: Noble Imyuntar \(Hero\), Humiliated Survivor \(Rare\)

Exclusive Skills: Way of the Wind Lv. 9, Advanced Weapons Training Lv. 9, Roar
of the Battlefield Lv. 8, Sage's Insight Lv. 4, Steel Skin Lv. 8, Acting Lv.
4...

Stigma: Destruction Delivery Lv. 1

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 75, Strength Lv. 75, Agility Lv. 75, Magic Power
Lv. 75.

Overall Evaluation: One of the five dominant species of the destroyed Chronos.
After losing his world, he invested in the Star Stream and became a guide in
the scenario. He is characterized by always looking at the world with eyes
filled with remorse.

As expected, the hero of another world had great skills and stats. The average
level of the stats was 75. He exceeded the current limit of the scenario. He
was the goal of many representatives.

Lycaon's blue eyes looked down at me like I was interesting.

"You are the ones who woke me up?"

I nodded.

"I see... Is it finally time? Congratulations on clearing the tutorial
scenarios, warriors of this world."

It sounded like a tutorial. It was funny how he imitated the dokkaebi for
dramatic effect.

There was no tutorial in this world. Every scenario was an actual event and
the dead couldn't come back again. Then what type of tutorial existed?

"Those who are facing extinction. First, I deeply regret that 'disaster' has
come to your world."

Lycaon spoke while looking up at the sky.

He was looking at the Great Hole over Seoul, Korea.

A huge vortex reminiscent of a black hole was gradually increasing its volume
every moment. Lycaon would've also seen the Great Hole on the day his world
was destroyed.

All guides in the scenarios were those who lost their homes to the scenarios.

"Since I am here, you can rest assured. I am a 'guide' to stop the destruction
of this world. I will train you to prepare for the disaster and give you the
necessary instructions. And..."

It came out quite hastily but he was good at reciting the words. He probably
got a manual grom a dokkaebi.

Lycaon suddenly stopped talking.

"...By the way, you are the only ones who woke me up?"

"It is just us."

"Strange. The fourth scenario isn't cleared? If it had been cleared properly,
the five guides, including myself, would be hatched in the same place... Where
is the owner of the Absolute Throne?"

He was right. Originally, the five guides, including Lycaon, would gather as
soon as the master of the Absolute Throne was born.

I spoke to Lycaon. "We have no king."

"There is no king... did the master of the Absolute Throne die? No way. At
present, there is no way to kill the master of the Absolute Throne."

Lycaon expressed his disbelief in a threatening manner.

"There was no owner of the Absolute Throne from the beginning."

"What does that mean?"

"We cleared the fourth scenario without getting the Absolute Throne."

Flames appeared in Lycaon's eyes.

"Are you lying to me right now? Such a thing is impossible\! The fourth
scenario doesn't end until someone takes the throne."

"There is also the method of destroying the Absolute Throne."

Lycaon's expression stiffened. He seemed to grasp my words and his eyes
widened.

"...Perhaps?"

The embarrassment of such a noble hero was really worth seeing. His silver
mane quivered as he looked closely at me.

"The numerous constellations...surely you didn't destroy the throne...?"

"That's right."

"How could you do such a terrible thing?"

Lycaon let out many curses that I couldn't hear properly. Han Sooyoung looked
at the bellowing Lycaon and whispered to me, "Hey, was it that serious? For
you...?"

Han Sooyoung also received Other World Interpreter and heard the conversation.
Lycaon screamed before I could answer.

"Why did you do that? Now there is no one in the world under the banner of
that great god?"

"No."

"Ahh\! The Star Stream constellations didn't care about Chronos\! Now this
world is ruined\! Living things with less intelligence than a kobold should do
their jobs\!"

I felt scorn as I watched the despairing Lycaon.

Yes, this was the essence of these guys. On the surface, they were dispatched
to help this world. However, they had a separate purpose that I would never
let happen.

"Prince of the Imyuntar, Lycaon Isparang. It is too early to be frustrated."

The prideful prince of the Imyuntar immediately responded to the change in my
attitude.

He growled out angrily. "Cheeky human. Show respect in front of a great
species\! You don't know the weight of your sin\!"

"Lycaon, didn't you see anything when your world perished? The Imyuntar were
the ruling species of Chronos, not Earth."

Lycaon's expression stiffened. I didn't miss this gap and continued, "There
were five disasters that destroyed your world."

"What..."

"The southern continent of Chronos where you lived was destroyed by the
dragon. Right?"

Lycaon's eyes filled with disbelief. "How do you know this?"

"Fire Dragon Igneel. The Disaster of Burning Hell. It is the name of the
disaster that destroyed your world."

The small disaster that I killed, Lesser Igneel was originally a 'disaster'.

A single flame could turn a small city into a sea of fire and a single flap of
its wings could destroy a lower species.

The southern continent of Chronos was destroyed by him. The fire dragon that
woke up from a meteorite.

Lycaon gritted his teeth. "You are speaking like it is someone else's story.
You will regret it. Pretty soon, your world will also struggle in that hot
hellfire."

"Don't worry. Igneel won't come down to this world."

"What?"

"I have already killed him. There will be no 'Burning Hell' disaster in this
world."

Lycaon had a bemused expression, like he heard his home had been brought back.

"That is the best joke I've ever heard. Is there such a joke in this world? Is
it fun to joke about the world that will soon cease to exist?"

Well... of course not. I pulled out a blue coloured medallion. Then like magic,
Lycaon's laughter subsided.

The Protection Symbol of the Imyuntar. Lycaon's shaking hands reached out to
take the medallion.

"W-Why... how do you have this...?"

The Protection Symbol of the Imyuntar was proof that a person had hunted a
disaster dragon.

"Lycaon of the Imyuntar. Pay respects to the protector."

Lycaon's body slowly fell. First his knees touched the ground, slowly followed
by his head. There was a severe shaking of his eyes like he couldn't admit it.

"Do it properly."

Before long, his head touched the ground. He was over three meters tall so it
wasn't until he fell down that his eyes were lower than mine. I looked down at
Lycaon.

This was the useful part of catching the fire dragon.

Han Sooyoung wasn't able to grasp the situation yet and looked at Lycaon with
confused eyes. I was almost killed by Han Sooyoung's brutality but she ended
up making things easier.

Lycaon spoke in a quivering voice. "Great dragon hunter... I would like to
belatedly ask your forgiveness for my rudeness."

"My name is Kim Dokja."

Once again, I thought that my name wasn't that great. This would be a great
scene if my name was Yoo Joonghyuk. I added a quick remark to diffuse the
awkward atmosphere.

"Lycaon. There is something I need you to do."

Lycaon carefully looked up."

"Teach me the Way of the Wind, which is the secret technique of your people."

Lycaon's eyes slowly became bigger. This was my purpose behind hatching
Lycaon.

The southern disaster of the fire dragon had disappeared so the first disaster
in the fifth scenario would surely be the 'east disaster'.

In order to prevent the catastrophe in the east, I needed to gain the secret
technique of the Imyuntar.

Way of the Wind It was the only answer to the disaster of the east, the
'Disaster of Questions'.

  

* * *

  

An hour later, I explained the situation to Han Sooyoung who hadn't been able
to follow the conversation.

"Then the medallion you got from killing the fire dragon is an important thing
for them?"

"Yes."

"I still don't understand... the fire dragon you killed at that time was one of
the disasters?"

"That's right."

"...Then in the fifth scenario, we have to prevent four instead of five
disasters?"

"You seem to understand yet not understand?"

Han Sooyoung frowned.

"I still don't understand. Didn't you kill the 'Lesser Igneel?' How can he be
a disaster if he's just a deteriorated dragon? Is this also a development of
Ways of Survival?"

"...Everything that hatches from a disaster meteor is a disaster. That guy came
out instead of Igneel so Igneel won't appear in this disaster. In addition,
Igneel didn't appear in the original. Igneel's hatchling came out. It is only
the fifth scenario so how can something like that wake up already?"

"...You speak well. Are you a spokesman for Ways of Survival? Are you actually
the writer?"

The scenario difficulty was ridiculous but it was adjusted so that it could be
cleared if people risked their lives.

...Of course, the adjustment was carefully controlled.

The Lesser Igneel, the deteriorated version of the hatchling had annihilated
the prophets, which could be called the elite troops at the time. Was that
all? I was once killed by that dragon. If it wasn't for the King of No
Killing, I wouldn't be standing here.

If Lesser Igneel had been released into Seoul and continued to level up, Seoul
would've ended up the same as Lycaon's hometown.

Of course, Han Sooyoung had no knowledge of such matters and was busy
complaining.

"Anyway, aren't the disasters a bigger deal than I thought? I have a lot of
trouble grasping the scale because of the way it was expressed in Ways of
Survival..."

"We were lucky with the fire dragon. The disasters that will come will be in
their original state. Terrible beings will appear."

It was pleasant to see the expression of the plagiarist writer at the word
'original'.

"Then what should we do?"

"We have to use that guy."

I looked at Lycaon, who was preparing for the training in a distant place.

Han Sooyoung asked, "He looks strong. Do you want him to fight?"

"That guy is a coward. In addition, the guides are prohibited from fighting
against disasters of another world. We have to take care of our work on our
own."

I heard Lycaon calling out to me.

"Protector, I am ready."

Protector was the title for the owner of the medallion. I told him to call my
name a few times but Lycaon didn't yield.

"From now on, I will teach you the secret technique of my clan, the Way of the
Wind."

Way of the Wind. It was a hidden skill that allowed the user to use the wind
like their own limbs.

Among the other species, only those with the Protection Symbol of the Imyuntar
could learn this skill.

Yoo Joonghyuk was originally scheduled to obtain this but not this time. I
couldn't give the strong person all the good skills.

"Then I will start."

For the next three hours, I sweated hard to learn the skill.

It would be nice if the system had a message like 'Would you like to learn the
skill?' but this wasn't possible. It was only possible to gain the skill by
learning it directly.

I had read the novel so I was able to follow Lycaon's movements a little bit.
To be exact, I thought I was following it.

Approximately one more hour passed. Lycaon hesitated before opening his mouth.
"Protector. I'm sorry to say this but..."


