### Chapter 312: Ep. 59 - Kim Dokja's Company, III

Fragments of the ceiling fell as Jung Heewon quietly stared through the dust.
She could see the collapsed Han Sooyoung through her blurred vision.

Judge of Evil and Black Flames Demon Ruler. Demon-like Judge of Fire and
Abyssal Black Flame Dragon.

It was a battle that almost all the constellations on the Korean Peninsula
looked forward to but the expressions of the parties involved weren't pleasant
at all. Jung Heewon stepped through the dirt and pointed the Sword of Judgment
at Han Sooyoung. "Why don't you stop acting?"

Han Sooyoung scattered into powder. There was a sharp ripple. Jung Heewon
reflexively twisted her body and stabbed the sword behind her. There was the
sound of metal being struck. Han Sooyoung untied the bandage around her right
hand while the Sword of Judgment pierced through the darkness.

"...You weren't fooled?"

"I know you have the Avatar skill." A white light emerged from the Sword of
Judgment. "You are the First Apostle."

Their status collided with each other and both people fell at the same time.
Jung Heewon's eyes were red after she triggered Demon Slaying. It strengthened
the user's attack power but also heightened their uneasy emotions. The grief
and anger amplified.

"It was you who attacked the people of Chungmuro."

The battle of Chungmuro when the flag war was in full swing. It was the first
time Han Sooyoung met the party members.

"At that time, Jihye and Gilyoung almost died."

"...You aren't the one who almost died so why are you so angry? You weren't even
there at the time."

"I am angry because I wasn't there. If I was, I wouldn't have left you alone."

Lights were shining in the air and the things that happened during the flag
battle was projected as holographic images. Perhaps it was a service from the
dokkaebis for the constellations who weren't in the channel at the time. The
appearance of Lee Jihye and Lee Gilyoung as they were terribly hurt by the
apostles was shown. Han Sooyoung seemed like she was going to be sick. "Then
are you going to kill me now?"

"I can't trust you."

Han Sooyoung bit her lips. She also understood that Jung Heewon's anger was
reasonable. Certainly, she was the First Apostle and at one time, the enemy of
the party.

It happened one day two years ago. The rumour that Han Sooyoung was the First
Apostle spread. It was unknown why the rumour spread. One thing was for
certain. Han Sooyoung didn't deny the rumour. It might've been due to guilt or
it could've been a cowardly heart. Han Sooyoung didn't know either.

The only thing she knew was the attitude of the party members towards her.

Well, it is a thing of the past.

Really? Noona was the person who talked with your head cut off? How amazing.

Lee Jihye and Lee Gilyoung were the ones who suffered the most during the flag
battle but they didn't care at all. Yoo Sangah was already aware Han Sooyoung
was the First Apostle and closed her eyes, while Yoo Joonghyuk didn't mind.
However, Jung Heewon was different. "You have to atone properly."

"Why are you"

"If you continue roughly like this, what about the scars the kids received?"

"..."

In order to make everyone happy, there were things they put up with because
they didn't want to break the harmony. This was especially true for people who
kept an eye on the surroundings.

"Han Sooyoung, if you're an adult then you should act your age. Don't be
immature."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is nodding.\]

Han Sooyoung's eyes became ferocious.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is angry.\]

"This person, do you think you're the apostle of justice? It is good to
pretend to be cool but think about the time and place. Would Kim Dokja like
what you are doing now?"

"It has nothing to do with Kim Dokja."

"You said it with your own mouth. You will be Kim Dokja's sword."

For the first time, Jung Heewon fell silent. Han Sooyoung ridiculed her. "As a
sword, shouldn't you move as your master tells you?"

"I'm sorry." The dust on the floor sparked. The air burned wherever Jung
Heewon's sword passed through. "This sword is selfish."

Jung Heewon activated Hell Flames Ignition. "I will decide who I cut."

The Sword of Judgment aimed at Han Sooyoung.

"Now your mischief is over, Han Sooyoung. Bring out all your power."

\[The character 'Jung Heewon' has requested the activation of Judgment
Time\!\]

  

* * *

  

I watched the black flames and hell flames filling the screen and sighed.
"...That's why they are fighting."

I thought it was time. Han Sooyoung's identity had been concealed for a long
time but there was no way it could be maintained forever. Rather, it might be
fortunate that the secret was revealed before going to the 47th scenario. This
scenario didn't mean anything unless they were honest with each other. The
hidden secrets exposed to the dokkaebis would become materials on the screen.

Yoo Joonghyuk asked, "Aren't you going?"

I could intervene using Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint. Jung Heewon's confused
voice was heard from the screen.

\[Some constellations of the absolute good system have opposed the request.\]

\[The activation of Judgment Time is cancelled\!\]

I glanced over and Yoo Joonghyuk was watching me. "...I can't leave it alone."

Of course, I didn't intend to interfere in the fight between the two of them.
However, I wanted to prevent their battle from spreading to their
constellations.

\[The demon king 'Demon King of Salvation' doesn't want the constellations to
intervene in the fight between incarnations.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is dissatisfied with your
intervention.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is reluctantly convinced.\]

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' agrees with your thoughts.\]

There was no answer from Uriel. She wasn't allowed access to this channel yet.

Yoo Joonghyuk said. "One of them could die."

"No, that won't happen."

"You don't know the past three years. The relationship between the two of them
is really bad."

"Yes, I can see."

I was unconcerned and Yoo Joonghyuk frowned. "Do you want your colleagues to
die?"

"No."

"Or did you see the future through the power of prophecy?"

"I don't have the power of prophecy. Do you still believe in something like
that?"

I watched Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung fighting on the screen. Then Yoo
Joonghyuk coldly replied, "It is a situation where future information is
actively used to calculate everything. There is no room for the faith of
humans to intervene."

It had been a while since he spoke so much. Certainly, my current appearance
looked like I had no countermeasures.

Thinking about it, I had a similar conversation with Han Sooyoung of the
1863rd round. Han Sooyoung used Anticipation Plagiarism and collected,
calculated and read the future while collaborating with the 1863rd round Yoo
Joonghyuk. I had asked Han Sooyoung,

 "It doesn't make sense no matter how I think about it." 

Anticipation Plagiarism was a good story and Yoo Joonghyuk's knowledge was
useful. Even so, it was impossible to save everyone up to the 95th scenario,
including Kim Namwoon. Numerous variables would've occurred from changing the
story and unexpected things would've happened.

No matter how great Han Sooyoung and Yoo Joonghyuk were, they weren't the
writers of Ways of Survival. Not everything could be absolutely controlled.
Failure was expected.

 "How did you get here? Tell me honestly. Is there another secret?" 

Han Sooyoung looked at me like she was either pitying me or laughing at me.

 "I believed." 

 "What?" 

 "I believed in the characters I created. That's all." 

This was the answer of the plagiarist write, although I couldn't remember it
well. I told Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, I believe in humans."

The sword and fist collided and the flames melted everything around them. I
watched Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung bleeding, shouting and rushing at each
other. I looked at them and had a faint understanding of the secret behind Han
Sooyoung reaching the 95th scenario.

"I believe in the story they had built."

There was another deafening roar from the screen. The two people gasped in the
series of clashes. They rolled in the dust pit, striking the other person's
abdomen or cutting hair. Their blood clotted as their expressions changed.

You must be very upset about me.

It isn't just that.

I seemed to hear their thoughts without using Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.
It was the history of the two people who fought together until now. The party
members had survived unharmed for the past three years. They wouldn't survive
those three years without cooperation.

Dealing with the sasquatch in the 28th scenario. Catching the 'algonkin snake'
in the 35th scenario. The two people must've protected each other's backs to
survive. They saved each other's lives many times, pulling up each other with
tired hands.

Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung also knew this.

Just...

Jung Heewon was strong. Even if all the incarnations in the world were
counted, there were few incarnations who could surpass Jung Heewon. However,
her opponent was Han Sooyoung. In a situation where Judgment Time is blocked,
the outcome of this match was almost set.

Please apologize properly to the children...

Jung Heewon staggered and fell forward. The hot temperature of the room
gradually cooled down. Han Sooyoung looked down at Jung Heewon's fallen body
and carried Jung Heewon on her back. She seemed to mumble something but I
couldn't hear Han Sooyoung's voice. Perhaps it was Han Sooyoung's last pride.

There was a star glowing white at her feet. Han Sooyoung stared at the star
and kicked it with her feet.

\[The scenario's time limit has ended.\]

\[Incarnation Han Sooyoung and Incarnation Jung Heewon have demonstrated their
'trust'.\]

Han Sooyoung raised her head and looked in my direction.

...Is it fun to steal a look?

I turned my gaze towards other screens.

Lee Gilyoung... do you surrender?

I don't want to\! Shin Yoosung, you surrender\!

Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung had entered a room and were crying while
pinching each other's arms. I turned my head again and saw a room with an
unusual landscape. Lee Jihye, Lee Seolhwa and Lee Hyunsung were together.

This room isn't fun. Right unni?

...Yes.

Hyunsung ahjussi\! Stop picking your nose and get up. The time was up.

No one touched the star and it was just a shining decoration. It was so
peaceful I doubted it was a scenario.

\[I'm sorry Constellations. I made a mistake when distributing the rooms...\]

The misplaced room seemed to be over there.

\[Incarnation Shin Yoosung and Incarnation Lee Gilyoung have demonstrated
their 'trust'.\]

\[Incarnation Lee Hyunsung and Incarnation Lee Seolhwa have demonstrated their
'trust'.\]

\[All members of the nebula has met the scenario clear conditions.\]

\[Main scenario \#46 - Context of the Constellation has been completed.\]

\[None of the nebula members have harmed each other.\]

\[Compensation for the clearance is prepared.\]

No one had the same story. Everyone lived a different history and understood
things using different contexts.

There was a dazzling light and the party members were summoned. Shin Yoosung,
Lee Gilyoung, Lee Hyunsung, Lee Seolhwa, Lee Jihye, Han Sooyoung, Jung Heewon...

They were the people who came here with me. The faces of the party members
changed as they saw us covered with wounds.

"Dokja-ssi."

"Unni, are you okay? How..."

The party members supported each other. Jung Heewon smiled faintly while Han
Sooyoung tapped the ground with her feet. I could see Han Sooyoung smiling.

I raised my head and saw the sky opening. Someone sighed. "Ah..."

The sky of the Star Stream had unfolded. It was a marvellous cosmic scene. At
the overwhelming landscape, some people trembled. It was a deep darkness with
no end. The thing that couldn't be filled up was waiting for us.

Shin Yoosung grabbed my right sleeve and Lee Gilyoung grabbed the fingers of
my left hand.

They were followed by Lee Jihye, Han Sooyoung, Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon.
Finally, Lee Seolhwa and Yoo Joonghyuk formed a circle around us.

"...Isn't this similar to that squid in the past?"

There was fear in Lee Jihye's voice. I smiled and said, "That's right."

The next moment, a small star shone in the night sky.

 Between salvation and the demon king. 

With this light, several planets started to shine together.

 Between the demon and judgment. 

 Between the steel and master. 

 Between the abyss and black flame dragon. 

I saw the white lines connecting the empty universe. The stars, that seemed
like they would never meet each other, were facing each other. At this moment,
I understood the context of the modifiers. Perhaps the party members felt the
same way.

Shin Yoosung spoke. "Pretty."

There were stories between the stars.

\[The nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company' has broken through the 46th scenario\!\]

There were still vacancies in the constellation of the nebula. One of the
vacant places belonged to Yoo Sangah.

I spoke to the people. "Let's go."

Our bodies rose into the air and we soon became light. The numerous stars of
the Star Stream passed by and the vast landscape of an interstellar city was
seen in the distance. It took me a long time but I eventually ended up here.

Olympus. Vedas. Papyrus. The grudges were piled up in me. I hadn't forgotten.
Not at all.

Shadows were swaying in places where the blinding light diminished.
Surprisingly, someone was waiting for us at the entrance to the interstellar
city. A huge shadow swaying in the light spoke to me.

\[Father.\]


