### Chapter 348: Ep. 65 - Good and Evil, IV

\[The Monarch of the Snake Hell is wounded and has exited from the scenario.\]

\[You have won the demon king promotion\!\]

\[Your Demon Realm ranking is adjusted\!\]

\[You have become the 72nd Demon King\!\]

I passed by Cho Jinchul's ashes and looked around. They were two demon kings
who hadn't yet come to their senses. Indeed, it was natural to be surprised.
It was because the lowest ranked 72nd demon king was finished in one blow.
Even so, this was reality.

\[Several demon kings are amazed by your power.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Comfort and Savagery' is spitting at your status.\]

\[The demon king 'Darkness of No Value' is threatened by your status.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is mocking the reaction of
the demon kings.\]

Not all constellations received a giant story. Even if they had a giant story,
their stakes in it were low and they couldn't take full advantage of it.

I was different. All my giant stories weren't inherited from someone else but
were a history that I created with my party members.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is continuing.\]

The giant stories gathered in this way showed a completely different level of
power.

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is looking at the demon kings
with greedy eyes.\]

The confrontation with Poseidon still lingered in Unbroken Faith. I stared at
the demon kings.

\[The demon king 'Thinker of Lies and Secrets' is preparing to depart from the
scenario.\]

The 71st demon king, Dantalion. The demon who was known to be cunning noticed
quickly.

\[Where are you trying to run to?\]

I used both Electrification and Way of the Wind and caught him. This time, I
was helped by Bihyung.

\[The bureau has rejected the scenario proposal of the Thinker of Lies and
Secrets.\]

\[The game should be finished to the end, demon kings.\]

Dantalion's eyes widened like he hadn't expected the dokkaebi to take my side.
Was it the shock of Andromalius' defeat? I didn't feel any dignity from the
appearance of the demon kings.

The demon kings outside the top 70 were like this. They became demon kings out
of luck and barely clung to the bottom of the ladder while abusing the title
of 'demon king'.

Blood rose and the head of a negligent incarnation body rolled to the ground.

\[The 71st.\]

\[The Thinker of Lies and Secrets is wounded and has exited from the
scenario.\]

\[You have won the demon king promotion\!\]

\[Your Demon Realm ranking is adjusted\!\]

\[You have become the 71st Demon King\!\]

I looked at the last remaining one, Performer of Musical Instruments Amdusias.

Amdusias asked, \[Do you really have to do this?\]

\[Why, are you scared?\]

\[Do you see me in the same class as Andromalius and Dantalion?\]

The atmosphere changed. Unlike the two demon kings I had previously defeated,
Amdusias was prepared for a fight. The horn of a unicorn grew from the head of
the incarnation.

\[The demon king 'Performer of Musical Instruments' has summoned the star
relic 'Star Trumpet'.\]

From the 60s, the level of the demon kings went up a bit.

\[The exclusive skill 'Reading Comprehension' is activated.\]

The thickness of the story was different. However, there were no special
feelings since I already met the 32nd ranked Asmodeus. Asmodeus might've gone
up the ranks a lot by now. There were demon kings who had particularly steep
growth and one of them was Asmodeus. On the other hand, the demon kings in the
lower rankings rarely had a chance to rise.

\[Your status has increased greatly and your skill 'Reading Comprehension' is
strengthened\!\]

\[Your skill allows you to understand the composition of the story\!\]

The story that I felt from Amdusias was very dark and worn out.

\[The story 'Hell Performer' is yawning while looking at you.\]

It was a boring and long story that no longer made me curious about the
backstory. This was the story that formed the backbone of Amdusias, Performer
of Musical Instruments.

Amdusias asked, \[What are you seeing?\]

I said it earlier but the stories I accumulated were more intense than theirs.
In fact, these words were wrong. There were fierce moments in any story but
the comparison of intensity was meaningless in the first place. In this damn
Star Stream, the only thing that won was time.

\[...I just want to be able to fight.\]

After hundreds of years, some constellations were dulled by the stimulation of
the scenario. Rather than look for and explore new stories, they entrusted
themselves to the flow of the stories they had already acquired. Stop thinking
about it.

\[The story 'Hell Performer' is moving according to the will of demon king
'Amdusias.\]

Those who were masters of the stories were eventually dominated by their
stories.

\[A person who hasn't lived for 100 years is mocking me?\]

Amdusias knew that his anger wasn't entirely his own.

\[The story 'Hell Performer' has begun.\]

Finally, the concert of hell began. The sound waves filled with the power of
the 67th Demon Realm moved through the air.

"Aaaack\!"

The incarnations of Seoul shed blood and fell down. The performance of the
Hell Orchestra was full of blood and death and there was nothing wrong with
it. Nevertheless, I didn't back down. Amdusias was strong but it wasn't to the
point where I couldn't beat him.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is continuing.\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is continuing.\]

My sides and shoulders were wounded by the powerful sound waves but I didn't
care. The stories that I and the party members built up were protecting me.

 Therefore, the man who swallowed God made his own flame. 

The flames of the torch rose from Unbroken Faith.

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is letting out a wild roar.\]

\[The great story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is exercising control over
other stories\!\]

The stories I had were gathered around the torch.

\[The story 'King of a Kingless World' is agitated.\]

\[The story 'Person who Opposes the Miracle' is afraid of the giant story.\]

\[The story 'Giant's Liberator' is following the flames of the torch.\]

White flames illuminated all of Seoul. Sparks of probability penetrated my
body as the berserk story stretched out from my sword.

The flames of the torch raced through the darkness like turbulent waves and
swept away Amdusias' incarnation. The power was so strong that my hand holding
the sword trembled.

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is disappointed by your
'status'.\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' wants a fiercer sprint\!\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' has complaints about you.\]

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is displeased with 'Torch That Swallowed
the Myth'.\]

The giant stories were inherently different from other stories. The strong
stories chose their master and had enormous influence, eventually becoming the
master itself. In particular, the Torch That Swallowed the Myth was
particularly belligerent. If I showed even the slightest gap, this story
wouldn't hesitate to eat me with its own flames.

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is looking at you with greedy
eyes.\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is ending the story.\]

Before that happened, I had to tighten the reins on it. I had to hurry with my
plan or I might end up the same as Amdusias.

Only ashes remained where the flames of the torch passed. The appearance of
the demon king was nowhere to be found. This was the gap in overwhelming
force.

\[The Performer of Musical Instruments is wounded and has exited from the
scenario.\]

\[You have won the demon king promotion\!\]

\[Your Demon Realm ranking is adjusted\!\]

\[You have become the 67th Demon King\!\]

\[Your reputation is spread throughout the Demon Realm\!\]

\[Several demon kings are amazed by your strength.\]

I heard the voice of the dokkaebi.

\[The winner of the Representative Exhibition is determined.\]

\[The sub scenario  Seoul Revolution has ended.\]

\[300,000 coins will be distributed to Kim Dokja's Company as compensation.\]

The indirect messages poured out.

\[Constellations of the absolute evil system have sponsored you 100,000 coins
for your battle.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' likes your struggle.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is proud of your
growth.\]

\[The constellation 'Mass Production Maker' is nodding in a warm manner.\]

\[Several demon kings are offering you goodwill.\]

Between the pouring messages, I could feel the eyes of the crowd from below
the wall. The survivors who lived through Amdusias' attack were watching me.
They didn't even know they had been used.

I opened my mouth towards them. \[Everyone, it is nice to see you for the
first time. I am the Demon King of Salvation.\]

The wings of a demon king spread out behind me while horns rose from my head.
The surprised people screamed and stepped back. I took one step closer to
them.

\[Open the walls.\]

There was a loud sound as the Factory forcibly opened its walls. The barriers
they had been trying to cross opened so easily that the people seemed
perplexed.

"W-What...?"

\[Didn't you want to come in? Please enter at any time.\]

"Is he trying to kill us?"

"He'll kill us\! I'm sure he'll kill us\!"

Some horror-filled incarnations started pissing themselves at my true voice. I
stared at them and spoke in a resolute voice. \[I am a demon king but I have
never once persecuted incarnations for unreasonable reasons.Kim Dokja's
Company has never monopolized Seoul.\]

In fact, the door of the Factory was always open. It was the citizens who
first distanced themselves and gazed at us with fear.

\[The Factory will accept you. I won't spare you support as you go up through
the scenarios one by one. I will help you build your story as much as you
can.\]

The eyes of the people became cloudy at the words that came out of my mouth.
Some made disbelieving expressions while others opposed it.

"How can we believe that?"

"T-That's right\! You are already too strong. In addition, the
constellations...\!"

I understood their feelings. Some gaps are awe-inspiring while others created
despair. The scene that the incarnations just witnessed was a great story that
they couldn't catch up with in their lifetime.

\[There is no guarantee that you will be left behind if you start late. The
speed at which we go through the scenario is different. I was in the same
situation as you a few years ago.\]

The constellations of the sky were looking down at me. The beings had been far
away even from the first scenario.

\[I was an incarnation that lagged behind thousands of years compared to those
constellations. Yet I came all this way.\]

Those beings were now in reach if I stretched out my hands.

I looked at the people with my horns and wings. \[Look at my appearance. Do I
look special?\]

The people were looking up at me with bemused eyes. It was as if they were
looking for something inherently special in my appearance. Someone muttered,
"...Can we become that?"

\[You never know what will happen before any scenario ends. Don't give up
until the end.\]

I turned around and spoke final words.

\[The front door is open. If you wish, please come in and seek help or
advice.\]

This might be a fake hope. Perhaps most of them wouldn't climb to the stars
but they would be excited by the enchantment when they faced the starlight.
Still, what the people needed right now was this fake hope.

Then someone muttered my modifier. "Demon King of Salvation..."

There was a bitter taste on my tongue.

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' likes your deception.\]

\[The constellation 'Saviour of Corruption' reveals hostility towards you.\]

Demon King of Salvation. The Star Stream must be as bad at naming as I was.
Many people wished to survive but I wasn't a philanthropist. I only liked the
people I liked and saved the people I cared about.

"Dokja-ssi\!"

In the distance, the party members were running towards me, including Jung
Heewon. I waved lightly towards them.

Then I saw a glittering system message in the air.

\[The master of the 73rd Demon Realm, representative of Kim Dokja's Company.\]

The moment I was going to check the message, someone spoke from behind me.

\[You don't need to read that. I came directly.\]

It was a familiar true voice. I stared at him with wide open eyes.

\[Asmodeus.\]

\[It's been a while, Kim Dokja.

\[Did you come to give up your ranking?\]

\[I came here to share a deeper friendship. Aren't we colleague who share a
giant story?\]

The words weren't completely wrong. In fact, a minority share of the Demon
Realm's Spring belonged to him.

\[Are you already aware of why I'm here?\]

Of course, I knew. Asmodeus had probably come here with the same purpose as
the other demon kings.

\[Do I have to attend?\]

\[It is a foolish question. This close to the apocalypse, you should know the
answer.\]

I was silent as I stared in Asmodeus' serene eyes.

Asmodeus said, \[The 'Duet Between Good and Evil' will soon begin. Now it is
time for you to choose a side.\]

The gaze towards me was inquiring.

Was I 'good'? Or was I 'evil'?

It wasn't only Asmodeus. The stars of the night sky split around me in unison.
One side was a bright light while the other side was a dazzling light.

I inwardly sighed. The Duet Between Good and Evil. The implication of this
scenario being initiated was simple.

 There isn't much time until the destruction in this world. 

Once the balance between good and evil collapsed, the stars in the night sky
would fall one by one. It was fatal destruction that even the big nebulae
couldn't escape. If my memories were correct, perhaps the first victim of the
destruction

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is looking at you.\]

It would be the nebula of archangels, Eden.


