### Chapter 279: Ep. 53 - Demon King of Salvation, I

A door with an image of two baby angels blushing. Gabriel's lips twitched as
he saw the \[Uriel \] written on the nameplate.

\[Hey.\]

There was no answer when he knocked on the door. Thus, he did it again.

\[Hey Uriel\!\]

He knocked harder on the door and there was a groan from beside it.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says to get lost.\]

Gabriel frowned at the indirect message.

\[Do you think I'm happy to come here? I'm here because of my mission.\]

Gabriel sounded like it was annoying just to speak. It had been two days since
he received the unreasonable assignment from Metatron. He was planning to play
around but Metatron got in front of him.

Gabriel, please take over Uriel's mission. In addition, Jophiel will watch
Gabriel to ensure he isn't being lazy.

Leave it to me.

He was placed in a team with the upright Jophiel. Gabriel would rather be in a
team with Uriel.

\[Didn't you record your observations of the Demon King of Salvation? I came
here to grab it. Open the door\!\]

There was a rustling sound from beyond the door.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking why you are her
successor.\]

\[Yes you .\]

Once again, an indirect message rang like a thunderbolt.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says ''.\]

\[Do you want to come out and say it yourself?\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking if you are her only
successor.\]

\[Me and Jophiel.\]

A deep sigh was heard beyond the door. After a while, there was a gap in the
door and long fingertips emerged. Looking closer, the white fingertips were
holding onto something. Gabriel realized its identity and clicked his tongue.

\[...USB? Who uses a USB these days? Are you a human?\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is warning you not to speak
nonsense and take it.\]

Gabriel received the USB and Uriel added.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says it is a secret from the
Red Cosmos.\]

\[Jophiel? Why?\]

Uriel didn't respond and shut the door. Then intermittent sniffling was heard
in the distance. Gabriel was about to say something only to end up pouting.
They usually didn't get along but he became worried when he saw 'Demon Hunter
Uriel' like this.

\[Hey, don't tremble. The detainment will be released soon. It's only three
years...\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is shouting at you to get
lost\!\]

\[Crazy . I was only trying to comfort .\]

After a while, Gabriel opened the USB in his room. Then...

\[What the hell did you do on this mission?\]

Despite his mutters, Gabriel couldn't take his eyes off the footage on the
screen.

  

* * *

  

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is curious about you.\]

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' likes looking at you.\]

Jung Heewon frowned as she heard the voice in the air. Uriel disappeared and
this time a strange constellation clung to her. This wasn't her only concern.
Jung Heewon looked at Kim Dokja who was wandering in the distance.

"...Why isn't he saying anything?"

"What do you mean?"

Jung Heewon turned around and see Lee Jihye closely stuck to her.

"Never mind."

"Why, what is it?"

"It's nothing."

"Unni, are you going to join Kim Dokja's Company?"

Jung Heewon, who was swallowing the drink she bought from a street vendor,
gasped as she choked. "W-What? No\! The name is too strange. Isn't it
embarrassing to join a place like that?"

"I'm looking forward to it. The company name is a bit strange but it feels
like I'm experiencing the workplace. Perhaps I will even receive a salary?"

"If you know what a real workplace is like, you'll think differently."

Lee Jihye pouted. "In any case, I'm looking for a chance to join. Master is
also there."

"Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi has already joined?"

"Dokja ahjussi said so. This is Yoo Joonghyuk and my nebula\!"

Of course, he never said anything like that but Jung Heewon reflexively looked
up at the sky. However, she didn't hear the indirect message she was waiting
for. She felt strangely uncomfortable.

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' dislikes the humour of
incarnation 'Lee Jihye'.\]

Jung Heewon shook her head and looked at Kim Dokja who was busy in the square.
He was so busy she hadn't seen his face for a few days and she didn't know
what he was working so hard on.

Then Yoo Sangah's appearance caught Jung Heewon's eyes. Jung Heewon waved at
Yoo Sangah who was sitting on a bench and staring blankly into empty air.

"Sangah-ssi\! Are you going to join Dokja-ssi's nebula?"

Yoo Sangah discovered Jung Heewon and looked up with surprise. What was this
woman thinking about that she lost her soul for a few days...

"My situation is a bit..."

"Ah, that's right. It is tough for Sangah-ssi."

Yoo Sangah was an incarnation of Olympus. It was a special case where she was
supported by an entire nebula and it would be hard to join Kim Dokja's nebula.
It was obvious what would happen if she received the sponsorship only to
choose another nebula.

"Instead, I made an alliance offer. Some of the constellations have a friendly
relationship with Dokja-ssi through me."

"Don't all the constellations of Olympus hate Dokja-ssi?"

"Not all of them. Heewon-ssi, did you join the nebula?"

"I'm still thinking about it." Jung Heewon looked back at the square again.
"In fact, I'm not sure about joining. There is a problem with my sponsor and..."

Jung Heewon's high self-esteem seemed hurt and Yoo Sangah smiled gently.

"I think you will be a great help to Dokja-ssi if you join his nebula."

"I want to help if possible."

Fortunately or unfortunately, Jung Heewon wasn't the only one in a complicated
situation.

In the middle of the distant square, Lee Hyunsung sat down like a dull big
dog. Next to him were Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung, who were squatting like
baby cats as the three of them stared at Kim Dokja. To be exact, their eyes
chased after him every time he moved. It was obvious what they were waiting
for. Kim Dokja ignored them to the end.

"...There is still no word."

Jung Heewon nodded at Lee Jihye's words. "He will speak when the time comes.
It is because he is a secretly introverted person."

Well, she also wanted to know what was going on. A long-awaited peace had come
to the party but Kim Dokja was still thinking about something. Thus, they
could only wait while doing nothing.

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is looking at you
approvingly.\]

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is wary of the Demon King of
Salvation.\]

...There were strange angels so Jung Heewon wouldn't be bored for a while. Jung
Heewon reluctantly put down her worries.

Then... the work suddenly began.

  

* * *

  

"Really? There is no way to contact them?"

"The channels leading to the Demon Realm are blocked. It is a powerful
enchantment..."

Han Sooyoung's expression became grim at Lee Sookyung's words. She had been
calling the dokkaebis since a while ago but none responded. Han Sooyoung
looked down at the water bowl that contained the Good or Bad Luck, Disaster or
Happiness Fortune.

Misfortune, misfortune, misfortune, misfortune, misfortune, misfortune,
misfortune...

She couldn't count how many times 'misfortune' emerged.

"What the hell is going on?"

The last time 'great misfortune' appeared, Kim Dokja had to face a Lokapala of
Vedas. However, now there were so many 'misfortunes'... it wasn't a great
misfortune but it should be an extensive misfortune. The water in the bowl
trembled and faint sparks appeared.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is raising his head.\]

"Black dragon?"

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is looking at the 73rd Demon
Realm.\]

"Do you know something?"

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is letting out a threatening
cry.\]

Her arm wrapped with a bandage was tingling and sparks appeared around the
body that was in sync with the black dragon.

"Hey dude\!"

The feelings of the black flame dragon were transmitted. The black dragon had
never acted like this whenever he encountered an opponent.

\[The constellation 'Expert at Playing Both Sides' has pale lips.\]

\[The constellation 'Guam Divine Doctor' is dripping saliva.\]

\[The constellation 'Great King Heoncheon Hongdo Gyungmun Wimu' is quietly
putting down his

sword.\]

\[The constellation 'First Spiritualist of Joseon' is clearing his traces.\]

The constellations of the Korean Peninsula were turning off their lights. It
was as if they were hiding from a predator. Her bandaged arm kept tingling.

Han Sooyoung scattered Lee Sookyung's divination and unraveled the bandage to
reveal the tattoo of the black dragon that was shining. Sparks burst and Han
Sooyoung's right arm wrote letters in the air.

A disaster of the stars is coming.

"Disaster of the stars? What is that?"

The arrogant 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' thought this situation was so urgent
he had to manually write. She felt the will of the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon
that wanted to stop her from going to the Demon Realm no matter what.

"Hey, don't make me nervous. Are you doing this again?"

She had been fooled by the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon more than once or twice.
She didn't know what the black dragon was talking about but Kim Dokja had
predicted Olympus' invasion of the Korean Peninsula. Thus, maybe he knew about
this situation. No matter what came...

There were faint sparks as Han Sooyoung's hand moved through the air like a
brush.

The 73rd Demon Realm will perish.

  

* * *

  

It was the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint who noticed it first. She was lying on
the wall of the industrial complex and dropped the smoking pipe in her mouth.

"...That guy was right."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint mumbled while the Breaking the Sky Sword
emitted a blinding light as it was pulled out. After obtaining the name
Breaking the Sky Sword, she held this sword less than 10 times.

It was a sword that made her be called the disaster of Murim. The Breaking the
Sky Sword Saint felt the texture of the sword against her palm and felt funny.

A disaster. What could be called a disaster? For human beings, disasters were
natural phenomenon on a large scale. For examples, landslides, tsunamis and
earthquakes. They were huge phenomenon that the power of humans couldn't
resist.

For transcendents, it was nothing more than a manipulation of physical
phenomena. They were existences far beyond human standards. They could cause
landslides and tsunamis with a blade and could quiet them. For transcendents
like the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, the word disaster meant something
different from the standards of ordinary humans.

Perhaps the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was facing the answer now.

Small sparks bounced and Kyrgios was suddenly by her side. The aura of
Electrification was already rising from Kyrgios' body. The Breaking the Sky
Sword Saint slowly raised her magic power. The two transcendents looked at the
distant end of the void. Kyrgios asked, "It is him?"

It wasn't yet visible to the naked eye but a presence was clearly heading
towards this place. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint replied in a heavy voice,
"There is no doubt. It is the guy who tried to devour the First Murim."

Darkness was entering the atmosphere. From the other side of the universe that
swallowed up even light, something was approaching while devouring the
scattered probability.


