### Chapter 92: Ep. 18  A Reader's Fight, V

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' will judge your sincerity.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is somewhat annoyed.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is actively giving off
annoyance.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' asks if you really want
to move channels.\]

Dokgak smiled like he was interested.

"A bridge?"

"Connect your channel to me."

"Then isn't it like a duplicated connection?"

"It doesn't matter. You will be able to move channels through me without
having to struggle with the constellations."

"Hrmm. That's true. Very interesting."

"There is also something I'm curious about."

"Curious about?"

"What types of constellations are in the channel I will contract with? I'm
just wondering what a big channel looks like since I've only been in a small
channel like this. I would like to see it in advance. Is it okay?"

I deliberately spoke towards Bihyung. Bihyung's expression became hurt in real
time. A smile of satisfactory appeared on Dokgak's face.

"Bihyung, you signed with a really good incarnation. I really think so."

Dokgak's hands moved through the air and he started to manipulate the system.

"Good. Then let's show you the air of a big city."

The next moment, it felt like a new cord was stuck in my body. There was a
definite connection that seemed to lead somewhere.

I slowly blinked and felt countless gazes on me. One, two, three... all the
hairs on my body rose. It was quite different from Bihyung's channel. I could
feel their presences just from their eyes.

Amazing. This was the channel of a dokkaebi who dominated Tokyo Dome?

"How is it? There is a new league for you to play in."

It seemed that there weren't just Japanese constellations. Did this jerk had
fixed subscriptions on other continents or worlds? If I worked in such a
place, how many coins could I get at once? To be honest, I couldn't even
guess.

I murmured, "Great. Isn't this really big?"

"Then the contract..."

"Before that, I want to say hello for a moment. Is that okay?"

"...Please do so."

Dokgak made a disgruntled expression but he eventually allowed it. I started
talking with my eyes closed. "Constellations of Tokyo Dome. Can you hear me?"

\[Some of the constellations who hate the Korean peninsula are looking at
you.\]

"I'm sure that some of you have heard my story. I am Kim Dokja, the one who
smashed the Absolute Throne and became the king of a kingless world. Please
note that I have no sponsor... um, well. That's correct. I hope to get along
with you in the future."

\[Constellations of Tokyo Dome are listening to you.\]

I only gave a brief introduction and some constellations were already starting
to approach me indirectly.

Good. The start wasn't bad?

"By the way. As a memorial to my channel, I will do a small event. I mean, a
joint event between South Korea and Japan... If you are curious, please connect
to \#BI-7623 right now. I will draw tickets for the early constellations and
give coins"

Then the channel link was disconnected. I opened my eyes and saw Dokgak
staring at me as he asked, "What the hell are you doing now?"

"What? It is an event."

"What are you thinking? Do you want to die? The constellations in my channel
don't play in such shallow waters..."

I would gladly give him a surprise because he cut me off at the point where
people were feeling curious. Then Dokgak's body started to slowly change.

"Wait, constellations. Where are you going?"

The flow was changing. Constellations started pouring into Bihyung's channel
little by little.

\[A number of constellations have entered channel \#BI-7623.\]

\[The channel level has risen.\]

I smiled widely. "A lot of you came. Thank you. Are you here for the event?"

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is annoyed at the
appearance of these constellations.\]

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' resents the appearance of hostile
constellations.\]

"Wait, don't fight. I didn't call you here to fight."

\[The constellation who likes Murasama is urging you to proceed with the coin
lottery.\]

\[Some constellations are asking about the coin event.\]

"Don't be in a hurry. I'll do it in a bit. Think about it. Is it so important
to get a coin or two? What is the point if you don't have incarnations to
spend the coins on? Go slowly, slowly."

\[Some constellations are looking at you with disgruntled eyes.\]

"You may have heard of this but I'll tell you again. I am Kim Dokja and I
don't have a sponsor. I won the war between kings and prevented a disaster
before it began. There are probably few incarnations stronger than me if you
look around the world. There will be none with no sponsor. By the way... it will
be hard to last until the end."

Dokgak started to turn pale as he noticed my intentions.

"Wait\! You...\!"

I laughed at Dokgak. A production? Yes, I would show him what a real
'production' was.

"Seoul Dome is now ahead of the fifth scenario. If you are smart, you will
know what that means. Yes, that's right. There will soon be an event that you
will like."

Now there was less than a week until the start of the scenario. Before the
entire disaster scenario started, a special event would be hosted. A banquet
for all the constellations in the Star Stream. Soon, the second Sponsor
Selection would start.

I continued speaking. "In celebration, I would like to do a surprise event. If
the number of subscriptions to this channel reaches 10,000 on the day of the
Sponsor Selection..."

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is gulping.\]

"I will make one of the constellations in this channel my partner."

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is looking at you with interest.\]

"It doesn't matter what gender, race or world you originated from. It doesn't
matter if you are strong or weak, famous or not famous. Anything is okay. What
I am looking for is passion. I hope you have the passion to see the end of
this damn story with me."

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' wipes his head.\]

"Whoever is good. I will be waiting for you. 10,000 viewers. Do you remember?
Please convey it to other people properly."

"W-Wait a minute\! Wait\! Just wait\!"

Dokgak cried out but it was already too late. There was a wicked voice and
unstoppable channel messages. I was dizzy from the indirect messages that came
from everywhere.

Some time passed.

Cold anger rose on Dokgak's face. He made a decision and raised his hand
towards me. "Incarnation Kim Dokja. You will die here."

Yes, I thought he would react like this. I laughed while pretending to be
calm. "There are currently many constellations watching. Aren't you afraid of
the storm?"

"Don't underestimate the master of Tokyo Dome."

There was no patience left in Dokgak's furious face. Damn.

"Do you think I can't deal with the probabilities caused by killing a bug like
you?"

Dokgak's fingers moved. It was a gesture like he was flicking away a bug.
Powerful sparks appeared around me. It was the 'balloon burst' that was
Dokgak's specialty. The currents would cause my body to burst like a balloon.
My swollen intestines would scatter as fragments and all the pieces that made
up my body would become dust scattered into the universe.

This was what originally should've happened.

"...What is this?"

He tried again. Dokgak flicked his fingers two more times. However, there was
no change. Not long afterwards, even the sparks disappeared.

"T-This is..." The confused Dokgak stared at his fingers. However, he still
didn't understand. The problem wasn't his fingers.

There was a chill and a enormous shadow appeared behind me, darkening my
vision.

"Hey. Dokkaebi."

A voice was suddenly heard. I instinctively knew. The owner of this voice was
now protecting me. It was natural when thinking about it. One a dokkaebi who
used the system could prevent the use of the system.

"Is it fun to show off your power?" It was the first time I heard Bihyung's
real voice.

The astonished Dokgak stuttered, "Uh, how did you get Character Redemption...?"

"Ah, this? Didn't you just give me a hard time because of your strength?"

Dokgak's face turned red. Belated rage filled his face. "You are at best a
low-grade dokkaebi... Bihyung\! What do you mean by this rudeness?"

"Low-grade? You are also low-grade despite your number of subscribers."

"I didn't get a promotion on purpose. Do you dare anger me, the master of
Tokyo Dome?"

"Tokyo Dome? Good, Tokyo Dome. Are there many good constellations left there?"

Bihyung moved from behind me towards Dokgak. "By the way, were you this
small?"

Their appearance looked the same but now Bihyung was several times larger than
Dokgak.

Bihyung's giant shadow proved it. Once again, a dokkaebi's power increased
with their number of subscribers.

The fear stricken Dokgak staggered back. "H-How...?"

"You were talking very well earlier. What? I was illegally manipulating the
scenario?" A black arm emerged from Bihyung's shadow and grabbed Dokgak's
neck, raising him into the air. "The jerk who steals the incarnations of
others... who taught you business ethics?"

"U-Uh. You absolutely won't be safe if you do this...\!"

"What the fuck\!" Bihyung's right arm swelled enormously. "Go to Andromeda and
find your concept\!"

The shadow's fist burst through the shield on the ceiling and Dokgak flew to
the far side of the universe.

He wouldn't die because he was a dokkaebi but he would be hit hard for a
while. Bihyung let out a breath like he was relieved.

By the way, I nearly died. I sighed with relief and approached Bihyung. The
channel had just grown but Bihyung seemed strange. We looked at each other and
I was met with Bihyung's confused eyes.

I couldn't tell if he was laughing or crying. Perhaps this was the expression
that dokkaebis made when they were really happy.

"Do you know what I am seeing right now?"

I didn't know but I had an idea. It probably wasn't much different from what
I'm seeing.

\[The channel level has risen.\]

\[The channel level has risen.\]

\[The channel level has risen.\]

.

.

.

\[A constellation who likes the Korean peninsula wants to be your sponsor.\]

\[A constellation who wants historical reconciliation wants to be your
sponsor.\]

\[A constellation who likes to change gender wonders about your heart.\]

\[A constellation that enjoys subculture is interested in you.\]

The endless messages started to fill the ears of me and Bihyung. Now the stage
would expand to the world.


