### Chapter 536: Epilogue 4 - The Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, I

I remembered the first time I read that novel.

A really stuffy, boring hospital's ward. A single PC located in its lobby.

When I stood in line to have a go at it, a gentleman wearing a fedora stepped
aside for me. The computer screen at the time was showing the webnovel
platform that enjoyed visiting.

I dazedly stared at the screen before inputting the keywords. I might have
inserted three or so words, but couldn't quite remember what I typed back
then. However, I still remembered what I was thinking of back then. The
mechanical pencil leads strewn about on the classroom floor, the indigo-hued
skies extending far beyond outside the windows.

What I could tell for sure was that my hands, used to open the classroom
window, had typed something and that lead me to discover that novel.

Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World

Through that story, I survived.

He was definitely not at fault for this story being born

I felt sick inside. I couldn't fight against the dizziness and collapsed on
the floor. The texts before my eyes were blurry and hard to see.

Han Sooyoung was tls123.

While panting heavily, I lay unmoving on the floor for a long time. Only the
same exact question continued to swirl around in my head  the question of
"But, why?"

Why, for someone like me?

I remained collapsed for a while. I thought I cried, too. However, no matter
how I thrashed and screamed and sobbed, the already-written sentences couldn't
be changed. Han Sooyoung had to spend 13 years of life just for me, and helped
me live by crafting sentences literally carved out of her. And then, she was
extinguished.

Kim Dok ja

\[The Fourth Wall\] was calling out to me. I quietly listened to the next
words.

Y o u sho uld r e a d

I gingerly stood back up. My reflection on the windows was a complete mess.
It'd be hard to call my body an adult's anymore. My height had decreased a
lot, and my face had gotten younger, too. The coat I wore no longer fit me. I
stared at that face for a long time, before taking the coat off for good.

"...How many years has it been?"

Ear th's ti me h a s no mea ning he re

I understood what that meant.

This subway was the location where the 'Oldest Dream' had his dreams. So, the
time of other world-lines couldn't measure the 'time' flowing within this
train.

In all honesty, I had completely lost all sense of time after entering this
train, anyway.

"Even then, there should still be this thing called perceived time, right?"

Ar ound 21763 y e a r s

"It's not as long as I thought. I'm still way younger than the 'Secretive
Plotter', right?"

St ill a li ttle r un t

I heard \[The Fourth Wall\] cackle away. If it wasn't for this guy's presence
here, I'd have gone insane a long time ago.

Along with the 'Pah-sususu' noise, the tip of my pinky decreased a little.

Since when did this start from, I wondered. I didn't do anything, yet my body
continued to grow smaller. Well, if I were to be more specific, it wasn't
really 'I didn't do anything', though.

"...Will I keep getting smaller?" I stared at the crumbs of Stories drifting
away outside the windows and asked. "Where are those Stories going off to,
anyway?"

To uni ver se's sub con scious ness

"And where is that?"

In a wor ld-li ne y o u ar en't con sci ous of

The role of the 'Oldest Dream' was to imagine all of the world-lines. Even if
I wasn't conscious of it, my subconsciousness was still continuously watching
the world-lines.

Tho se Stories wi ll be reb orn as ano ther Kim Dok ja

"As another Kim Dokja?"

Me ta phor ica lly spea king its li ke th at

I thought I could understand what \[The Fourth Wall\] was saying.

Stories were streaming beyond the galaxies to head towards another world-line.

Those Stories were, in essence, 'me'.

Just like the 49% version of me living along with my companions somewhere in
the 1864th regression turn, my fragments could very well be reborn as 'Kim
Dokja' in a world-line somewhere out there.

"If it's only that little, I think it'll be a bit of a push to call that guy
'Kim Dokja'. I mean, he won't be the same as me with such a small fragment."

Y o u mi ght be ri ght

An existence that might have a different name and face to me. Even then, that
existence would come to life and start imagining the universe. He'd be moved
after reading the story, and then, stare at the world-line.

And just like that, he'd maintain this universe.

"...I see."

Somehow, I thought I could understand the principle of this universe just a
little.

I pressed my crumbling fingers against the window. When I did, the rate of
crumbling began accelerating.

If y o u do th at

"This is my way of atoning for this story."

Not just from my fingers, but the Stories began scattering away little by
little from the shoulders as well as my legs, too.

The scattered Stories would fly around in the universe and become sentences
that go on to support this universe from somewhere.

To say that, though you have grown up while reading this story, there's no
need for you to become it.

That's what the author of the 'Ways of Survival', Han Sooyoung said.

I had clearly heard her. Even then, I couldn't heed her words.

How could I make any other choice when looking at such a story?

When I closed my eyes, the overview of the entire universe would get drawn
inside my head.

Han Sooyoung wrote the story.

Yoo Joonghyuk lived that story.

And, I read that very story.

And that's how this world barely managed to reach its completion.

"Dokja-ssi."

Because this tragedy existed, I got to meet certain people.

Someone was able to get saved, too.

Kim Dokja stared into the universe with no visible end.

And now, I knew what my future was like. Every time I read something, I'd
crumble away. My crumbling Stories would scatter to countless world-lines out
there and become the 'gaze' that maintained this universe.

I would lose all of my memories, and lose everything that I hold dear. And in
the end, only the desire to see the 'next story' would remain in me.

But, without that desire, this universe couldn't continue.

This universe could only continue telling its story as long as someone was
looking at it.

Being stuck and unmoving in this universe meant death.

Tsu-chuchuchu...

The countless 'me' divided into particles continued to spread out to the
numerous world-lines out there. The rate of the Story's scattering continued
to hasten.

"If I forget about everything... I won't feel this pain anymore, right?"

Y o u wo nt re mem ber any th ing af ter all

To someone who even lost the traces of his loss, no such thing as 'loss'
existed.

While picking up the smartphone rolling around on the floor, I spoke up.
"...Will I have enough time to read it one more time, I wonder?"

I opened the file for the 'Ways of Survival', and scrolled up past the
\[Author's words\] that I had to read with great difficulty.

Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World.

I started reading this novel from the very beginning.

I read Yoo Joonghyuk's 3rd turn. Some stories, I already knew. While some
others felt brand new to me.

The so-called final revised version was exactly the same as the original that
I remembered.

'Kim Dokja' didn't exist in it.

Pah-susususu...

Just as my Story scattered away, the sentences from the 'Ways of Survival'
filled me up inside. When I got tired, I closed my eyes for a little bit and
rested, and after resting, I continued reading the novel.

Fifth turn, sixth... 64th... 129th...

672nd.

914th.

1642nd...

The page continued to scroll down, and I was overjoyed or saddened several
times.

Not being able to comment did bum me out. I wanted to let Han Sooyoung know of
my emotions one more time. To tell her that I could only come this far because
of the story you gave me, that I loved your story more than anyone in this
world.

And so, I read. I read, and then, read some more.

How long did I read this very story?

Tsu-chuchuchu...

...

By the time I reached the epilogue, my vision suddenly grew fuzzy.

I even wondered if I became blind after reading a novel for far too long.

\[A new update has been completed.\]

But then, my vision was slowly restored. What I saw weren't proper sentences,
however. Sentences and paragraphs had become individual fragments.

Words that were no longer in the form of a completed novel. Even then, I could
still read them somehow.

A world had been destroyed, and a brand new one was being born.

My heart was beating loudly.

A story I was intimately familiar with was there.

I was the sole reader who knew the conclusion of this world.

Within this story, I existed. And...

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

"Ah, it seems that I haven't introduced myself yet. My name is Han Sooyoung.
I'm the assistant to Cha Sang-Gyeong-nim in the group.

And, they were there, too.

"What if the 'scenarios' didn't start, what would've happened to us?"

"Dokja-ssi, your sponsor isn't something like the 'One-eyed Fortuneteller',
right?"

"Dokja-ssi, have you thrown a hand grenade before?"

"Ahjussi, do you have any particular food you like?"

We broke past the scenarios, together.

Hyung, are you maybe a god?

"Load the cannons."

"Everyone, fight to your hearts' content. I won't let anyone die."

"You stinking bastards\!\! Again, you didn't even come to fetch me...\!\!"

"The one I like isn't you, but the 'Demon King of Salvation'...

\[Baat\!\]

And, I lived my life together with them.

"The next scenario is..."

We experienced trials, and had to face off against life-threatening situations
many times.

We met Constellations.

We broke past seemingly-impossible scenarios several times.

And eventually, reached the end of the hellish scenarios.

\[Your  is 'Eternity'.\]

The companions returned to their everyday lives.

Some people were rebuilding the destroyed PC Bangs. They were putting up the
torn posters of the computer games once more. In the world where the
apocalypse had been overcome, people would search for other forms of
entertainment once more. Yoo Joonghyuk observed this spectacle, and quietly
clenched his right hand that hadn't held a mouse in a long, long while.

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung were enrolled into a temporary school. Not an
elementary, not a secondary, nor was it a high school  no, it was as the word
implied, a 'temporary' school. Shin Yoosung was surprised to learn that such a
place could exist in this world.

Lee Jihye stared at the sight of the destroyed 'Taepung Girls' High' for a
long time, then started walking on the school's athletics field. She used to
run on this very field with her friends once upon a time. She quietly stared
at the worn-out track lines, before cautiously assuming the starting posture.

While reading the continuing stories of my companions, I wiped my eyes several
times.

This was the ending to this story.

The companions were definitely living their lives in that place. They ate,
they slept, they met with each other and talked. And 'I' was there, too.

The 49% version of me. Kim Dokja that had the memories of the companions, but
didn't know anything about the 'Ways of Survival'...

And Kim Dokja read those sentences.

But then...

"You, just who the hell are you?"

What was going on here?

"Speak. Who the hell are you?"

It wasn't supposed to be like this.

"I'm sure of it. Kim Dokja is still in that place."

But, how...

"If you get a chance to run again, do you believe you can see it better the
next time?"

...Why?

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...

The story was continuing on. The story that should've ended didn't end.

More correctly, they chose to 'not end it'.

\[Stigma, 'Group Regression Lv.1' is activating\!\]

I read that sentence half in despair.

This shouldn't have happened. This sentence, it should never have been
written.

But the sentence uncaringly led to the next one.

"Remember this. We have only one opportunity."

The companions, they were fighting again.

The hellish scenarios were a place they shouldn't have gone back to, no matter
what their reasons were. Even then, my companions returned to that place.

"Hey, shorty. You aren't going to flip a coin this time?"

"It'll be the same whether I do or not, you know."

"What do you mean?"

"Even if I flip it a hundred times and it comes out only once, even if only
one percent of hyung remains in that place, I'll still go there to rescue him.
Because that one percent is still hyung."

Then, the scenario commenced. And in the midst of the banquet of Coins
exploding in the air, Dokkaebis of <Star Stream> were clearly freaking out.

Within the explosive level of interest shown by the Constellations, the
companions were shouting out loudly.

"Hey, Abaddon\! Choose me\! I'm gonna absolutely become hundreds of times
stronger than that sooty bastard in the future\!"

"General-nim\! Are you there? I know you're looking at me right now\!"

"I don't need any sponsors, so please just give me Coins, instead."

"...Black Flame Dragon, stop pestering me with messages while I'm still being
civil, okay? I told you I won't choose you this time around."

They had to be insane.

"Fufufu, you sure took your sweet time getting to Chungmuro. You think you
can rescue that 'Bi-sil-ie' like this? As an aside, this whole area is now
this great one's territo..." (1)

"Will you just shut up and hand over the flag, Gong Pildu?"

These people who lost their minds were clearing the scenario with insane
methods.

Dangerous moments came in their direction many times, but the companions never
yielded once.

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye', is activating Stigma, 'Transmission Lv.1'\!\]

"You stinking sooty bastard\! This is why only you got stronger, by using
crap like this\!"

The \[Transmission\]. The regressor-specific skill that allowed one to
strongly 'ruminate' over the memories from the previous life and let one
regain their past skills.

"Uriel\! Great Sage\! Abyssal Black Flame Dragon\!"

And with the aid from the Constellations added in, the companions got to clear
the scenario at a considerable pace. It truly was an amazing marching speed.

"We can clear this with Avatars. No one has to die."

However, it wasn't as if they emerged as unopposed victors every single time.

"Supreme King. My apologies, but you need to die here."

Some of the people they regressed with turned out to be traitors.

"Had you regained your original strength, all three of us combined wouldn't
even be a match to you, but..."

"But, as it is now? It's a different story."

I bit down on my lip.

These people joined the regression journey while harbouring impure motivation
from the very beginning.

And to make matters worse, they aimed for the early part of the scenarios,
when Yoo Joonghyuk was with Yoo Mia. They probably thought that he'd be at his
weakest around this point in time.

However, that was a miscalculation.

...Wha?

"Mia-yah."

Almost at the same time Yoo Joonghyuk spoke up, a lengthy sword emerged from
Yoo Mia's mouth.

The Black Heavenly Demon Sword.

The highest-grade item that could only be acquired around the middle stages of
the scenarios, was now firmly gripped in Yoo Joonghyuk's hand. Chills ran down
my skin. I had no idea that Yoo Mia's 'Inventory' could be used in that
fashion...

While emitting truly incredible killing intent, Yoo Joonghyuk coldly declared.

"Die."

Sentences continued on sporadically after that.

"The 'Demon King of Salvation' during this turn is me\!"

"What the hell, we agreed that I'll be the one\! That Modifier is mine,
noona\!"

The companions didn't concede an inch to anyone, and...

Majority of the Constellations are baring their animosity towards 'Kim
Dokja's Company's' Incarnations\!

And, they didn't compromise once with anyone, either.

The Kim Dokja-less 'Kim Dokja's Company' continued to clear the scenarios in a
pace not too slow, but not too fast, either

Certain scenes were dealt with using simple descriptions, while some others
were completely omitted. The later they got in the scenarios, the worse the
segmentation of each scenes became. It was as if the rough sketches of ideas
had been left behind there, instead.

Companions who were at the 20th scenario were suddenly in the 15th, then they
could be found in the 35th next. However, there was no doubt that the
companions were there. And I could imagine them.

They ran on the blank margins.

They were running on the scenario's field of snow. And they were advancing
forward one sentence at a time. They were gradually getting closer to me.

While looking at them, I repeated the cycle of crying and sleeping. The
fuzzier my consciousness became, the stronger my desire grew. Even though I
knew that I shouldn't think this way, I couldn't stop myself.

I want to read this story for a little bit longer.

Just like that, I read the disconnected sentences, and then, read the one
after that. And I imagined what might be between those sentences, as if I was
groping around in the dark.

The viewpoint that the author couldn't control, and one that no reader could
predict.

And within this space between the lines not addressed by any sentences, the
companions continued to complete the scenarios little by little.

Inside this space between the lines where no one could intrude upon their
lives, they remained as gods of this story.

While reading their story, I blacked out several times. My reading speed got
worse and worse, and my Story was disappearing bit by bit, as well. Meanwhile,
the sentences of my companions continued to diligently pile up. To the 98th
scenario, and then, to the 99th once more. Sentences written by their own
lives were accurately being compiled one by one. And eventually...

They have finally reached the conclusion she had written.

The very last sentence arrived at my doorstep. That was the end of the 'Ways
of Survival', a story seemingly abandoned in the middle of being written. A
story that didn't get completed because of that reason.

From beyond the very last sentence of the story, a certain noise came to me. A
noise that sounded like someone calling out to someone else. Or perhaps, the
noise of someone knocking on the door.

The smartphone went off with a 'tab\!' noise, and its pitch-black screen
reflected my face, now that of a child. I was crying.

Kim Dokja slowly raised his head.

I felt the faint vibration of the subway. Since when did it start?

Thud-\!

Someone was pounding on the rear door of the train's cabin.


