### Chapter 285: Ep. 54 - Demon King Slayer, I

The most imaginative thing I've ever read was Three Ways to Survive in a
Ruined World.

What if Ways of Survival became a reality?

Perhaps anyone would've imagined such a thing with their favourite novel. I
did as well. Maybe it was due to the endless imaginations in my youth that I
was able to adapt to Ways of Survival. Once the scenario started, I would do
this first and then do this. This hidden piece would be obtained...

During middle school, I even drew charts in the corner of my textbook.

Yoo Joonghyuk: A professional gamer, an awful personality, a psychopath,
kills if words don't work \(sometimes just kills\), have to unconditionally
bring him to my side, humanity still remains in the third round...

I had been glad when I first realized I had fallen into the third round of
Ways of Survival.

I came to a world I could change and thought it was really fortunate. If I had
fallen into the last round...

 Kim Dok ja thou ght. 

There was no existence that could stop him.

 Shit. 

I shouted with all my straight as I saw the blade flying towards me.

\[Wait\! Stop\! I said stop\!\]

A person who regressed more than a thousand times. A spirit that had become
insensitive from the hundreds of suicides and tragedies that an individual
could suffer. The extremely widespread regression depression...

 Yoo Joonghyuk of the 1863rd round is the despair of the world itself. 

I acted the moment the blade was about to pass through my neck.

\[The special skill 'Miniaturization Lv. 10' is activated\!\]

My body shrank in an instant and the blade passed through the air. The man's
startled eyes were seen from over the blade. This damn guy. Did he think I
came here to die? This might be the 1863rd round but he was mistaken if he
thought I would obediently die.

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' is activated\!\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Electrification' Lv. 12 \(+2\) has been activated.\]

I knew I wasn't his opponent. However, I still had to try my best. My body
moved at lightning speed as I yelled, "Son of a bitch\! You have to let me
talk to you\!"

The indirect messages poured from the air along with my cry.

\[Some constellations have noticed your presence\!\]

\[The constellation 'Adventurer who Stands Up an Egg' is interested in your
appearance.\]

\[Constellations 'King of Ephemera' is interested in the fight between you and
'Iron Blood Supreme King'.\]

\[Some constellations feel strong jealousy towards you.\]

\[1,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

The 95th scenario of the 1863rd regression. The world might be like this but
there were still constellations giving donations. The nature of the
sponsorship was a bit different but...

Yoo Joonghyuk glared at me with a stiff expression. "The Baekchung School?
Strange. I'm sure he is out of action in this round..."

This person's brain circuits had become twisted after over 1,000 regressions.
He would've finished judging whether to kill or spare me based on the actions
I had shown so far. It was scary.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

It was because I was afraid that I had to read it now. Thus, I could get out
of this situation.

\[You have an insufficient understanding of the person and can't activate the
second stage\!\]

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' stage 1 has been
activated\!\]

...I lacked understanding. My pride was a bit hurt but I thought it would be
like this. This was Yoo Joonghyuk of the 1863rd round, not the Yoo Joonghyuk I
knew. It might just be the first stage but I had to invoke it. I might not be
able to read the details but even knowing the attack direction would help.

 Neck. 

The moment that Yoo Joonghyuk's thought was transmitted, I withdrew with all
my might.

Even this guy wouldn't be able to easily catch me. It was because I was now
using Way of the Wind and Electrification.

"...Keok?"

I didn't know if I had turned my body first or the dark shadow had moved ahead
of me first. My breath was blocked and my vision darkened. It was a feast of
magic power that seemed to hurt my whole body. I flew through the air like an
electrocuted fish. A tremendous amount of magic power shook my body.

\[Some constellations are laughing at you.\]

It was the face of Yoo Joonghyuk that was seen in front of me. His hands were
crushing my torso. My neck hurt like it was broken as it was held between
thumb and index finger.

I couldn't believe it. This might be the Yoo Joonghyuk of the last regression
but how could he catch me so easily when I used Electrification?

"I will ask you a final time."

I realized the moment I heard his cold and apathetic voice. It was stupid to
think I could avoid it by knowing the direction in advance. The person in
front of me wasn't the young Yoo Joonghyuk of the third round.

"Where is the dragon sword, Arondight?"

...How could I speak when he was holding my neck?

"I see Lancelot's incarnation body here so you must surely know..."

Ah, the constellation who just died was Lancelot? Shit.

"If you don't answer, I will it out of you."

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes shone with a golden light. As a matter of fact, Yoo
Joonghyuk's foundations remained unchanged, whether it was the third or 1863rd
regression.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used Sage's Eye Lv. ???\!\]

After over one thousand regressions, his Sage's Eye had reached a formidable
level. Perhaps the presence that wasn't visible now in Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes
was the outer god that had lived for a long time.

\[The exclusive skill Fourth Wall has blocked Sage's Eye\!\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is strongly activated\!\]

The moment Yoo Joonghyuk's Sage's Eye focused on my body, the wall moved. The
Fourth Wall stood firmly in front of the persistent gaze that didn't want to
miss a single piece of information. There were stronger sparks than when I had
encountered the Unidentified Wall.

 No t bad. 

This time, the Fourth Wall looked formidable. At this point, I couldn't tell
if the Fourth Wall or Yoo Joonghyuk was the great one. The Fourth Wall didn't
back down and Yoo Joonghyuk didn't give up. It was me who was fried between
them. It was so painful that I couldn't scream, even with my true voice.

"Kuek...?"

Yoo Joonghyuk raised his power first. The collision was so strong that golden
circles swirled in his eyes.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is feeling a competitive spirit.\]

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is showing great hostility towards you\!\]

This was a barrier that couldn't be penetrated even with Sage's Eye. Once
again, I realized what a great skill Fourth Wall was.

Then something strange happened. The Fourth Wall was able to prevent Sage's
Eye and started to flow like water over Yoo Joonghyuk's hand. The typed
letters covered his body like insects and for the first time, Yoo Joonghyuk
sounded disconcerted. "What?"

The wriggling letters became memories that flowed like a panorama. They were
my memories of the third round that were recorded on the Fourth Wall.

 "Get your hand off me and get lost, you damn jerk\!" 

 "Maybe not. In any case, I am hopeful about the situation."

"...What is so hopeful about it?"

"Joonghyuk-ah, we can save the world. You know that, right?" 

 The name of our nebula is... Kim Dokja's Company..."

"There isn't a name yet. In addition, we will gain the supporters now." 

Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't comprehend the memories in front of him. They were all
things that didn't exist in this round. The sparks that almost blinded me
eased and Yoo Joonghyuk's expression became clearer.

"What are you...?"

The '1863rd round' made an astonished expression. I heard the voice of the
Fourth Wall in my head, as if it thought this round was interesting.

 I did we ll Kim Dok ja. 

Did it do well?

"Tell me. What is this? I'll tear you apart if you don't say it."

What did it do well? Shit.

\[Kuek... no, wait\! I need some time to answer\!\]

I exploded the blue-white energy as I was held in Yoo Joonghyuk's hands. I was
struggling to escape from him. This might not be enough but I would at least
buy some time until I could borrow the power of the 'giant story...'

Then something unexpected happened. There was an explosion and Yoo Joonghyuk
missed me. There was a surprised and confused expression. Yoo Joonghyuk
reached out with sluggish movements. I wanted to know what happened but I
couldn't miss the opportunity I had just gained.

\[The exclusive skill 'Way of the Wind Lv. 11 \(+1\) is activated\!\]

Way of the Wind was activated and the blue-white energy made a trail through
the air. I thought he would chase after me quickly but I didn't feel Yoo
Joonghyuk right away. I looked back and saw an unexpected sight.

...What was this?

The moment I had the question, a deafening true voice echoed in the expanse.

\[Yoo Joonghyuk\! I will repay the grudge of Immeasurable Austerity\!\]

Red and blue eyes glared from the roof of a nearby building. Two black
leopards with streamlined buildings emanated a strong energy as they fell
towards Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[The demon king 'Devil of Easiness and Atrocity' is showing hostility towards
incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

\[The demon king 'Eyes that See the Forbidden' is showing his teeth to
incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk of the 1863rd round was stronger than anyone else but he had
many enemies. Thanks to this, I could identify the two leopards without much
difficulty.

Devil of Easiness and Atrocity, Ose. Eyes that See the Forbidden, Flauros.
They were the 57th and 64th demon kings of the Demon Realm.

The prideful demon kings forgot their shame and unleashed a pincer attack
towards an incarnation.

However, it wasn't shameful.

\[Demon King Slayer\! Your story will end here\!\]

Right now, Yoo Joonghyuk was an existence full of value. I buried myself in
the rubble as there was a deafening roar. Then I carefully watched the
situation. It was a clash I couldn't afford and I thought I should move away,
but I had a desire to watch the fight a bit more.

It wasn't another fight but the fight of the 1863rd round Yoo Joonghyuk. It
wasn't easy to see. My ears seemed to burst and the battle began.

\[Many constellations are enthusiastic about the battle of incarnation 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

Indirect messages poured out as Yoo Joonghyuk pulled out his sword. It was the
Splitting the Sky Sword that was already broken in the third round. The blade
had gone through a number of scenarios and had been upgraded to a completely
new level, shining brightly in the darkness.

The demon kings facing him also revealed their power.

\[Creatures, rise from death\!\]

The dead earls and dukes of the Demon Realm became undead and emerged from the
ground. They held elite objects that preserved the combat power of their
lives.

However, Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't panicked at all. "It is Summoning the Dead? The
Devil of Principles also used it."

Yoo Joonghyuk was smiling.

"That bastard's body is now hanging among the dead constellations."

\[Shut up\!\]

A light flashed and Yoo Joonghyuk's sword moved. What should I call this
swordsmanship?

...Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship? I didn't know. The certain thing was that it
was an amazingly beautiful swordsmanship. It was also a surprisingly cruel
swordsmanship.

The nobles of the demon world were cut by the sword and screamed as they
turned to ash. They were high-ranking dukes comparable to historical-grade
constellations. Such beings exploded with a few swings of the sword.

In less than a minute, Yoo Joonghyuk killed dozens of undead nobles and
reached the nose of Flauros.

\[How...\]

Like a toy, the head of Demon King Flauros exploded.

There were no emotions in his eyes. There was a single blow with a sweet
smile. Yoo Joonghyuk killed a demon king.

\[This... this crazy bastard\!\]

The Demon King Ose shouted angrily.

\[Constellations\! Why are you hesitating?\]

The moment the call was heard, the constellations hiding in the ruins came
out. Most of them were constellations of the absolute evil system. They ranged
from historical-grade to narrative-grade. Every constellation rushed to get
rid of one incarnation, Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is talking about the story of 'Hell of
Eternity...'\]

However, Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't pushed at all. A bloody aura overflowed from his
body and collided with the constellations. It was a scary and powerful force
but the blow was calm and full of moderation. Every time Yoo Joonghyuk's sword
moved, the ranks of the constellations shook helplessly.

\[Constellations of the absolute evil system hate the incarnation 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

The incarnation bodies of the constellations exploded one by one. The high-
ranking constellations could look so shabby. There were no signs of impatience
as Yoo Joonghyuk continued the battle.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is talking about the giant story 'Lonely
Pilgrim of Destruction'.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk was only using his 'left arm' to destroy the constellations.
Every time a constellation fell, my arms trembled.

\[Constellations of the absolute evil system are shocked by the combat ability
of incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

Hatred became shock.

\[Some constellations of the absolute evil system are afraid of the
incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

Shock became fear.

\[Many constellations are trembling at the power of incarnation 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

It was thrilling. Crazy guy... he was a really crazy guy.

No matter how I thought about it, there was no way to bring down the current
Yoo Joonghyuk.

I didn't know what scenario Secretive Plotter gave me but I must never become
enemies with this guy until it was over.

Then a message was heard.

\[The sub scenario commissioned by 'Secretive Plotter' has arrived\!\]


