### Chapter 331: Ep. 62 - God's Enemy, IV

The noise of the battlefield died down for a moment at my cry. The struggle
between Giant Soldier Heracles and Giant Soldier Pluto. Even the
constellations in the channel seemed nervous at the summoning of the weapon.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is wondering what your
weapon is\!\]

\[Many constellations are curious about 'Steel Sword'\!\]

My empty hand still wasn't filled.

...Why didn't it come? I looked back and reflexively activated Omniscient
Reader's Viewpoint. It was to grasp the situation of the battlefield. Then I
heard the thoughts of characters with a high level of understanding.

 Steel Sword? I seem to have heard that somewhere before. 

 A person who uses the sword... 

...What?

 Kim Dok ja is an i diot. 

The Fourth Wall's mocking words were heard in my head. I belatedly noticed.
Lee Hyunsung's nickname was still 'Pure Steel'.

 Steel Sword... nice name. It was called by Dokja-ssi. He must be a great
person. 

Lee Hyunsung was looking this way while fighting Jason. I shouted towards Lee
Hyunsung, \[Hyunsung-ssi\! Come quickly\!\]

"Huh? You were talking about me?"

"Hurry, you idiot\! I'll cover this place\!"

Han Sooyoung shouted and Lee Hyunsung gave up his showdown with Jason. The
stigma Great Mountain Push was triggered and Jason flew backwards.

...No, use it earlier if he had that power.

I didn't know how much stronger Lee Hyunsung had become in the last three
years but he was more useful than expected.

"However, I'm not Steel Sword..."

\[You will be called that from today.\]

"W-What should I do?"

I quickly grabbed and swung Lee Hyunsung.

"Kuaaaaaack\!"

Ares regrouped and swung Heracles' Bat. It was a tremendous blow that combined
Giant Soldier Heracles' story mixed with Ares' story. It was a destructive
force that could crush Nemea's lion in one blow.

I swung Lee Hyunsung at Ares.

"Dokja-ssi\! Dokja-ssi\! It isn't possible\!"

\[It's fine\! Trust yourself\!\]

Along with the sound of waves, particles of water turned into fog. In the fog,
Lee Hyunsung slowly faced the bat.

\[Look, you can do it.\]

"Uh, uhhh, uweeeoh..."

Steel was growing all over Lee Hyunsung's body. It grew, grew and grew again.
He soon became a sword.

Ares was noticeably baffled. If Yoo Joonghyuk was here, he definitely would've
said:

 "This is the reason why Lee Hyunsung got the nickname of Steel Sword." 

Steel Sword. The reason he was called Steel Sword wasn't because he could
control a sword well.

\[The character 'Lee Hyunsung' has used the stigma 'Steel Transformation Lv.
10'.\]

Steel Transformation. It was the stigma of a constellation from a distant
place in the universe.

As the stories piled up, it became harder than any metal and had the advantage
of being capable of regenerating if broken. Lee Hyunsung was no different from
a living 'strongest sword'.

\[The constellation 'Master of Steel' is frowning at your cruelty.\]

Perhaps it was because this was his first time being a sword but Lee Hyunsung
was still in an insecure state. I deliberately spoke in order to inspire Lee
Hyunsung's morale. \[Hyunsung-ssi, do you see the shield that Heracles' is
holding?\]

"Ye... y-yes, what is that?"

\[It is the original version of 'Heracles Shield' that I gave you before.\]

In the past, I had given the replica version of Heracles' Shield to Lee
Hyunsung. It was the shield that Lee Hyunsung kept cleaning.

\[I'll give it to you, Hyunsung-ssi.\]

"...Really?"

\[Of course.\]

Lee Hyunsung completely adapted and integrated himself into the hand of the
giant soldier. It was a perfect grip like a handshake.

I started running. A large amount of probability was consumed as I once again
clashed with Ares in Heracles.

\[The Star Stream is paying attention to you\!\]

\[The bureau is doubting your probability\!\]

\[Overusing this probability will endanger your body\!\]

Steel Sword and Heracles' Bat firmly collided. Ares was surprised by the force
and took one step back.

\[...Damn crazy\!\]

We struck, struck and struck each other again. Part of Heracles' Bat flew away
as debris and Lee Hyunsung's Steel Transformation had cracks all over it.

We were desperate because it couldn't be a long-lasting battle. Lee Hyunsung,
Kim Namwoon, me as well.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is continuing.\]

There wasn't the Stage Transformation like when we fought Surya but this story
was protecting us.

A stage where Lee Hyunsung and I were together. Kim Namwoon, who was once an
enemy, was now part of the story.

 The most despicable soul in the world, a man born from steel. 

Finally, the blade of the Steel Sword cut at Heracles' right shoulder.

Ares growled out, \[Why are you trying so hard? Olympus has always been
merciful to you\!\]

\[Merciful? Is that why you placed the fate on me?\]

\[Just because of that small that?\]

\[...It is small?\]

\[You survived it anyway\! You should be thankful about successfully passing
the trial\!\]

That wasn't my only enmity.

\[My colleague is dying because of you guys.\]

\[Colleague?\]

The sword and the club hit each other again as Ares seemed to remember
something.

\[The incarnation who used to the the singularity watcher.\]

\[It isn't an incarnation but 'Yoo Sangah'.\]

\[We didn't make the incarnation do that. She brought that misery onto
herself.\] Ares laughed.

\[The mortal tried to access Olympus' database. It is natural to suffer.\]

I shouted through gritted teeth, \[It is you who gave her that strength. You
brought about such a situation.\]

\[God is watching. Everything is a human choice.\]

\[Do you think you can use 'choice' for a predetermined cause?\]

Ares laughed. \[This is the scenario.\]

Cold anger settled deep in my chest. Yes, this was a constellation. They had a
desire for stimulating scenarios and enjoyed the fall of incarnations. They
made 'good and evil' on purpose. A god waiting merrily for humans to break the
taboo.

Sparks that I couldn't afford started to appear around Pluto's body. A
brilliant magic power storm occurred around the junction of bat and steel.

Ares exclaimed, \[This crazy bastard...\!\]

 Kim Dokja was angry. 

 Apart from that anger, Kim Dokja's sense of reasoning was still as cold as
ever. 

In fact, it was almost impossible to defeat Ares in a frontal showdown but now
the story was different.

 Kim Dokja thought. 

This was the 'sea' where Ares couldn't exert enough power. It was a sub
scenario where he couldn't release all his status. Crucially, Ares' Heracles
was an early model of the giant soldier.

Heracles' Bat broken Pluto's left arm and at the same time, the Steel Sword
penetrated Heracles' waist.

Ares hurriedly cried out, \[If you do this, you really will turn all of
Olympus into an enemy...\!\]

\[Ask anyone to come.\]

However, they wouldn't come. The 12 Gods were all cowards.

\[Zeus, Poseidon or anyone else.\]

Heracles was pushed back by the Purest Sword Force. Even to the end, Ares
didn't fully release his status. Not all narrative-grade constellations were
like Surya.

It had been a while since the real Gigantomachia. The 12 Gods had forgotten
their lives. The same was true for Ares, a fierce warrior.

He seemed more courageous than anyone else but he was actually more cautious
about his life than anyone else. He flaunted his bravery in Gigantomachia but
now he was a constellation who feared the aftermath of opening his status in
the scenario.

Ares shouted angrily, \[Aren't you afraid of probability?\]

\[I'm not afraid.\]

Lee Hyunsung, Kim Namwoon, me as well. There was no such thing as fear. It was
because we had been living through the aftermath the whole time. Rather, it
took courage to be weak.

Along with the bubbling sea foam, I thrust the steel sword into Heracles'
cockpit.

\[You have knocked down Giant Soldier Heracles\!\]

\[You have acquired a new story\!\]

\[The star relic 'Heracles' Bat \(Damaged\)' has been acquired.\]

\[The star relic 'Heracles' Shield \(Damaged\)' has been acquired.\]

\[The star relic 'Heracles' Spear \(Damaged\)' has been acquired.\]

Then a tremendous explosion occurred.

"Kim Namwoon\!"

I emerged from Pluto's cockpit at the moment of the explosion. Pluto had
exceeded the limits of probability and was breaking down.

\[This dog...\!\] Kim Namwoon sounded happy.

After a while, Pluto's body couldn't withstand the probability storm and
collapsed. It was the result of taking the probability on my behalf.

Fortunately, the power supply seemed safe. It was just that more fighting
would be difficult.

In the haze of the smoke, I saw Ares who escaped from the cockpit like me.
Ares was wounded all over his body and he was roaring furiously.

The game hadn't ended yet. Heracles was a type of protective sphere. The
moment Ares opened his status, I would have to deal with him head on. Still,
it didn't matter. In the first place, my purpose was to make him fall from
Heracles.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi told me something about you."

As Ares had mentioned, Yoo Sangah used Hermes' system to investigate all types
of future information. Among them were things about Olympus.

"I heard you were once hit by Heracles' spear."

Yoo Sangah had told me that Ares fought Heracles and was stabbed in the thigh
with his spear.

If 'fake' can be 'real', can I make this story real? If the weapon could be
obtained...

Ares' eyes were shaken as he glared at me angrily.

"I was curious. Heracles is the creature you have created. Then is this myth
real or fake?"

Ares rushed towards me as I kept speaking.

"How much power can a fake story exert in the Star Stream? Aren't you
curious?"

\[The story fragment in Heracles' Spear is responding to you\!\]

\[The story 'Natural Enemy in War' has begun.\]

The story started talking.

 With one penetration, the spear neutralized the god of war. 

I held the spear with all my strength. It was such a heavy spear that I
wondered if I could throw it by myself.

Ares was now in sight. I should throw it properly. If it fails, I would die
here. At this moment, the weight of the spear lightened. Someone was also
holding onto the spear from behind me.

It wasn't Lee Hyunsung but there was no need to think. Only one incarnation in
all of Ways of Survival could take on the weight of this spear lightly. In the
first place, this incarnation was an ally.

"Kim Dokja, there is only one chance."

It was an eternal 'once'. A 'once' made with the countless failures of the
regressor.

"It has always been 'once' for me."

Thus, this one chance couldn't fail. We threw the spear at the same time.


