### Chapter 367: Ep. 69 - Archangel Hunting, III

This was a part of an ancient memory.

 Scribe, for how long am I supposed to repeat this war? A war that doesn't
have any victors...

The times when he threw that question out, or how many times he asked it  he
couldn't recall them.

 Michael, there's no need to ponder too deeply about this.

The Metatron of his memories would always return the exact same smile. For
several hundreds of years, or maybe even for thousands of years.

Metatron continued to carry that grin from the far side of time that Michael
couldn't even remember anymore.

 Please, focus on hating the 'Evil' in front of your eyes, instead. That is
your 'scenario'.

'...My scenario.

Just how long have I been hunting down the demons?'

Michael, for a long time now, could no longer remember his birth.

\[The power of 'Fruit of Good and Evil' is going berserk.\]

His memories were always incorrect, incomplete. All he could remember were the
final words of the Demon Kings dying at his hands.

 How lamentable, oh, the pitiful disciple of <Eden>. Do you really need to go
this far?

That was from the master of the 21st Demon Realm.

 Uwahahahaha\!\! You are now the same as us\! Finally, Metatron has gone
mad\!\!

And that was from the master of the 9th Demon Realm.

 Which 'number' Michael are you?

And finally, from the lips of the master of the 4th Demon Realm.

Past the faces of the Demon Kings with names he'd forgotten, he could see the
dead Archangels, his companions, that fought alongside him.

 Michael, you must regain yourself. Please... This, this is wrong.

An Angel and a Demon, that's what he was.

Faces breaking down like debris scattered away in tens of thousands of puzzle
pieces, before gathering back together to create one giant form.

'Good' and 'Evil', in conflict against each other for eternity itself. And
Metatron's face, the one who had managed to endure all those years, continued
to carry the exact same smile for thousands of years.

 You need to be careful about one thing. When using this power, you must
never...

\[The power of 'Fruit of Good and Evil' is going berserk\!\]

All of his memories were swept away in one go; Michael was enveloped in
horrifying pain akin to his head being ripped to tiny shreds.

Aaaaaaaaah-\!\!\!\!

All 'Good' in the world cried out in sorrow. From the blades of grass to
trees; from small insects to every type of 'Good' living in Creation fell into
a state of sorrow and cried out in grief.

\[You have directed a fatal attack at an opponent on the side of Absolute
Good\!\]

\[Story, 'Evil that Destroys Evil', is roaring out in bitter sadness\!\]

\[You have broken the taboo\!\]

\[You have been handed a terrible penalty\!\]

A grey-coloured angel covered in blood was smiling at Michael.

  

* * *

  

The moment I bit into the \[Fruit of Good and Evil\], the view of the world
changed.

\[You have consumed a forbidden 'Star Relic Fruit'.\]

\[You are currently a 'Demon King'.\]

\[The power of 'Fruit of Good and Evil' has whispered the secret of the
'Absolute Good' to you.\]

As the ginormous storm of magical energy raged around me, my ears were
inundated by the continuous stream of messages.

\[You have experienced all facets of 'Good and Evil'\!\]

\[You have achieved an impossible feat\!\]

\[You have acquired the Possibility of a brand new Story\!\]

\[<Star Stream> is stunned by your accomplishment.\]

\[<Star Stream> is pondering what your second Modifier should be.\]

I felt the sensations of being a Constellation, the one I couldn't feel for a
long time after becoming a Demon King, once more.

\['Demon King Transformation' has been cancelled.\]

\[<Star Stream> has completely restored your constellation.\]

I saw a beautifully sparkling star high up within the pitch-black sky above.
That was my star.

\['Angel Transformation' is activating.\]

My body began to glow brightly after receiving the starlight. The feathered
wings dyed in black morphed into pure white ones, and the demon's horns
growing on top of my head withered away. Warm, pure energy filled up the
entirety of my Incarnation Body.

Unfortunately, I wasn't permitted enough time to relaxedly enjoy the 'Status
of an Angel'. The \[Judgement Field\] had shrunk down around me and had begun
crushing my body.

Kwa-dudududuk\!\!

My new wings were crushed and folded as I felt this horrifying pain. My arms
and legs, that couldn't endure against the pressure of the compacting space,
got crushed helplessly.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth', is protecting you.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is protecting you.\]

I was able to barely hold on against that enormous pressure, powerful enough
to almost crush me in an instant, with the aid of my Giant Stories.

\['The Fourth Wall' is protecting your mental state\!\]

\[Probability of 2nd generation is weakening the ability of 'the Fourth
Wall'\!\]

It felt like several bolts of lightning were going off in my head. I thought
that I'd blackout at any given moment, and my vision darkened before reverting
back a few times, too.

However, I endured. I simply had to. So that I could grasp that one and only
chance soon to be coming my way.

As the price for being strong against 'Evil', the 'King of Corrupted Angels'
possesses one weakness.

The power of the \[Judgement Field\] crushing and wringing my body was
gradually weakening. The only weakness of this frightening monster capable of
destroying all 'Absolute Evil', was...

The 'King of Corrupted Angels' cannot attack an opponent leaning towards the
'Good' spectrum.

If he broke this rule and attacked 'Good', then...

Craaaaack\!\!

The absolute Stigma \[Judgement Field\], capable of crushing a Demon King to
death, began splintering into pieces. Like a moth escaping from its cocoon, I
destroyed this barrier and spread out my wings.

Michael squatted down on the ground and grasped his head with both of his
hands while screaming at the top of his lungs.

\[Demon King, 'King of Corrupted Angels', is writhing in great pain\!\]

This was my only chance.

"Anna Croft\!\!"

As soon as my words resounded out in this forest, a blonde woman ran towards
the rear of Michael. Her eye was now dyed in that crimson hue. She had seen
something through \[Precognition\] and was now in full sprint while unleashing
all of her Status.

Meanwhile, I gathered my remaining strength into my two legs and dashed
forward as if I was falling over. Now, normally, killing Michael with only
this much combined firepower was impossible, even if he had been rendered
defenseless like right now.

However, the story would be different while we were on this island.

\[Character, 'Anna Croft', has activated 'Physical Sword Aura Lv.9'\!\]

As if we had a prior agreement, she unleashed several strands of powerful
energy from the tip of her shortsword like clockwork. I unsheathed Unbroken
Faith with my tattered right arm.

\[Fragment of a Story, 'Right Arm of a Pitiful Sword Master', has
activated\!\]

I had no clue that a Story acquired through the special attribute of
\[Lamarck's Giraffe\] once upon a time would come in handy like this.

\[Probability of 2nd generation has reinforced your aptitude\!\]

The explosive magical energy of \[Purest Sword Force\] extended by over ten-
plus meters from the tip of Unbroken Faith.

I managed to barely hold the sword level as it sunk about half-way into the
left side of Michael's neck. Almost at the same time, Anna Croft's shortsword
sliced into the right of his neck.

A fountain of blood shot up into the air and Michael's severed head flew up.

\[You have killed the 176th Incarnation Body of 'King of the Corrupted
Angels'.\]

\[You have acquired a Myth-grade Story.\]

\[<Star Stream> is stunned by your accomplishment\!\]

\[You have brought the 'Fake Revelation' to reality.\]

\[You have achieved an unbelievable accomplishment\!\]

\[You have acquired an ungradable Story.\]

\[You have acquired the Story, 'Architect of Revelation'\!\]

As the stream of messages cascaded down, my barely-maintained consciousness
finally let go and scattered away.

  

* * *

  

When I reopened my eyes, I found myself all alone within a white space. A
single sentence was floating up in the empty air.

The being who consumed the 'Fruit of Good and Evil' will face the truth he
had been avoiding.

'...Where am I?'

Before I had a chance to ask that, images suddenly popped up on the left-hand
sidewall. Those were scenes from 'Ways of Survival'.

It depicted Yoo Joonghyuk and his companions clearing out various scenarios.
That was the world of 'Ways of Survival' where I didn't exist. The companions
who didn't buckle under all sorts of hardships and continued to defeat their
enemies... existed there.

\['Fruit of Good and Evil' speaks to you. 'That story was your life, wasn't
it?'\]

I nodded my head. Indeed, that story was my life. I grew up while reading
those events.

\['Fruit of Good and Evil' speaks to you. 'However, this is also definitely
your life, too'.\]

The right-hand sidewall rippled and a new screen appeared there. It now showed
a boy, around 15 years old. He was looking at a computer monitor while
inputting something with the keyboard.

 What will happen to Joonghyuk next? Is he going to die again?

This was back when Yoo Joonghyuk was going through his 164th turn. I was in
the 3rd year of middle school, and in love with Lee Jihye back then. And I was
busy typing a comment.

 Argh... Really... I'd like to stop chomping on the sweet potatoes now, please.

And then, when Yoo Joonghyuk was going through his 488th turn. I was in the
2nd year of high school, around the same age as Kim Namwoon; again, I was
typing a comment within the screen.

...

...

...

As Yoo Joonghyuk went through more and more regressions, I too, grew older and
older. While reading about his deaths, my beard began sprouting. I graduated
from high school while spectating on his sacrifices.

And again, as I read his story...

 Wouldn't it be fine for him to just die during this turn, instead?

...Wait, did I ever write a comment like that before?

 The story is going down the drain, so maybe it's time to go back? see ya

Now, it was Yoo Joonghyuk's 662th turn.

I was a university student by then, still typing away on a keyboard.

 Joonghyuk is going to die again, yes?

The words I committed to record were in full display here. All those words
that I spat out under the excuse of being hurt by life and exhausted by living
itself, they were coming back inside my brain.

 Please, can you skip the earlier scenarios? It's getting repetitive.

...I couldn't say anything, not anymore.

\['Fruit of Good and Evil' speaks to you. 'That is the total worth of the
story you told as if it was your entire life'.\]

The tips of my fingers began trembling.

On the left wall, Yoo Joonghyuk and his battles; and on the right wall, there
was me, staring at Yoo Joonghyuk. And right in the middle wall, the scenes of
me glaring at the stars in the sky played out.

"Enjoy the show while you can. The fee for your entertainment shall become
your lives in the end."

\['Fruit of Good and Evil' speaks to you. 'Do you really have the
qualification to tell ?'\]

My own words continued to float up above the screen.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, I know the 'future you don't know'."

"Hey, Joonghyuk, we can save this world. You know this, right?"

"I'll finish your story in your stead."

My voice, sounding so brazen and with not a speck of hesitation in it.

\['Fruit of Good and Evil' speaks to you. 'You, who have deceived the entire
world by relying on the story only you know, and lived until now... Do you
possess the right to be saved?\]

From some place deep in my chest, I thought I heard something break. The whole
world seemed to be shaking in my eyes.

\['The Fourth Wall' is glaring at the 'Fruit of Good and Evil'\!\]

\['Fruit of Good and Evil' is startled and is shrinking back.\]

Tch-chuchuchuchut\!\!

A storm of Probability swept up my surroundings. As I stumbled and faltered
about, someone's voice cried out to me.

\(...Dokja-ssi\! You need to move, now\! Michael is still...\!\)

  

* * *

  

After I opened my eyes again, I found myself leaning against a cavern wall.

"...I was going to abandon you if you didn't wake up in the next minute or so."

A blonde woman was looking down at me. Bandages were tightly wrapped around my
belly and chest areas, and there were some crushed herbs applied to my thigh
that had suffered a penetration wound.

Warm liquid then flowed into my mouth. It tasted bitter, acrid.

I quickly regained my wits and after discovering the identity of the liquid,
nearly got scared out of them again. Because... Anna Croft had cut her palm open
to feed me her own blood.

"What the hell are you...?\!"

She used her other hand to calm me down and explained herself without a hint
of fluster.

"I possess the attribute \[Elixir Maker\]. My blood possesses the same
medicinal effects as all the elixirs I've consumed so far."

"...But, drinking a lot of this blood will place me under your control."

"That happens only when your Status is lower than mine."

She stemmed the blood flow from her palm and turned her head away.

It was nighttime already. I couldn't sense any presence or movements. I sucked
in several slow but deep breaths and asked her.

"What happened to Michael?"

"...He's dead. No, I'm not sure whether to call him dead or not..."

"By any chance, did his Incarnation Body get enshrouded in a blackish fog?"

"...How did you know that?"

I wish I could explain to her, but this crippling pain assaulting my head
prevented me from easily recalling the contents of 'Ways of Survival'. I was
pretty sure that Michael wasn't dead. To be more specific, he did die, but
would revive again.

There were 'two moons' up in the sky outside the cavern, the symbol of Stories
from the 2nd generation. I must've drank a fair amount of her blood, because
under the pale blue light, Anna Croft's complexion was just as pale and wane.

"Why didn't you abandon me and leave?"

"I thought that, by saving you, I'd earn a Story like \[Prophet who Pays her
Debt\] or some such."

She probably knew very well that such a Story wouldn't get created so easily.
Suddenly, I was overcome with this sense of rejection to this whole idea in my
head. The Anna Croft I knew was not like this. The woman I knew was definitely
a cold-blooded type of a person who, for the sake of her cause, would not
hesitate to sacrifice even her most precious companion.

That was supposed to be the case, but...

"You should be able to move again in a few hours."

However, was the information I know of her, everything there was to know about
Anna Croft?

Anna Croft is an Incarnation of 'Absolute Good'.

...I couldn't be sure why I was thinking up such things. Maybe, it was possible
that I began thinking about lots more things after consuming the \[Fruit of
Good and Evil\].

I spoke as if I was sighing. "We should part ways around here. You must've
collected all the words necessary for your Modifier target, after all."

"It doesn't matter to me, but will you be fine?"

"Not sure who should be worried about who here. Even if you don't look after
me, let me assure you, I won't die. These injuries weren't severe enough to
kill me."

"No, if you were left alone, you would have been dead."

Not 'could have died', but 'dead', straight up. And I knew the precise moments
when Anna Croft would say something like that.

"But, you shouldn't have been able to see my future?"

"...Until recently, yes, I couldn't."

\[Exclusive skill, 'Lie Detection Lv.7', has activated\!\]

\[You have confirmed that the applicable assertion is the truth.\]

"Starting from yesterday onwards, I could see little bits of your future. Some
'things' past an indistinct, faint wall..."

...She could see my future?

"What did you see?"

"...It'll be better if you don't know."

"Just say it."

Anna Croft's \[Eye of the Great Demon\] again emitted a crimson light. She
then spat out a soft sigh before slowly opening her lips.

"Twelve hours from now, you will die at the hands of the 'Supreme King', Yoo
Joonghyuk."


