### Chapter 94: Ep. 19  Singularity, II

In the world of Ways of Survival, the constellation were divided into two
types. One type were the free constellations that didn't belong anywhere. The
second type were constellations belonging to a particular nebula.

\[A trivial human dares to threaten the great stars?\]

I swallowed my saliva in front of that furious momentum. There were several
famous nebulae based on the myths of Earth.

There was Asgard from Nordic mythology and Eden from the apocalypse type
mythology. Then there was the equally famous Olympus in front of me.

I told them, "...Pick a form. I'm not a devotee."

Yoo Sangah's expression changed. The constellations that suddenly descended
looked a bit embarrassed but I kept talking.

"The probabilities in the beginning scenarios will never allow access to the
gods of Olympus. Isn't that right?"

\[You...\!\]

If the probabilities didn't exist as a balance, the Seoul area would've
already been destroyed by the Olympus 12 descending. The ripple effects of the
storm would be huge. Many of the gods of Olympus might look down on it but
they weren't stupid. I saw the threads of magic power wrapped around Yoo
Sangah's body.

"It seems that you are currently the only one who can come out, Abandoned
Lover of the Labyrinth."

Just like Korea had great constellations, Olympus also had great
constellations. In fact, the majority of Olympus were great constellations.

The Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth. This was the modifier for Ariadne, the
lover of Theseus.

"You represent the lowest possible cost so Olympus must be quite stingy to
send you."

\[Shut up\! You dare\!\]

The magic threads fluttering around her caused the ground to shake. The ground
was split apart by the momentum.

Indeed, Ariadne couldn't be ignored. No matter how weak the power of her
story, she was still stronger than non-constellations. But I knew that she
couldn't attack me.

Sparks flew in the air. The shackles of probability had moved. It wasn't a
full descent but a large amount of probabilities was consumed when she
deprived the will of the incarnation and partially descended.

Besides, Ariadne was a constellation belonging to a big nebula. Her movements
were bound to be exposed to other powerful beings.

The Great Hole in Seoul's sky was howling. An unprecedented fear filled me and
my whole body got chills.

Yoo Sangah's complexion paled due to Ariadne inside her.

"I don't think you have much time. Shall I get straight to the point?"

This was the reality of the constellations. They were the strongest of the
Star Stream but they couldn't throw off the heavy shackles of 'probability'.

"The gods of other worlds seem to have noticed you."

\[...How can a human know this?\]

"Is that important right now? Didn't you come to me for a reason? I don't
think the constellations can endure the probability storm that will soon
occur."

Thunder struck around the Great Hole. As expected, it was too early for the
great constellations to descend.

I continued speaking, "I will ask three questions. If you answer my questions,
I will answer your questions."

\[You want to do the three questions exchange?\]

"Yes."

The three questions exchange. This was originally the trading style of the
constellations to minimize the consumption of probability.

Ariadne glared at me with disapproval. \[A human using the constellation's
method of trading...\]

"Are you going to agree or not?"

\[...Wait.\]

Yoo Sangah's eyes closed. Perhaps Ariadne was now communicating with the other
Olympus constellations through their network.

\[A constellation who doesn't like the fun to be spoiled is interested in your
proposal.\]

In any case, the Olympus spectators had appeared. Ariadne finished the
communication and opened her eyes.

\[I will allow the questions.\]

Then a message was heard.

The Divine Three Questions and Answers has begun.

Both sides will exchange three questions and answers.

All questions should only be answered with the truth.

Both sides can refuse to answer one question.

The conversation won't end until the questions and answers are fully
exchanged.

"I will ask first."

\[Okay.\]

The first question ticket has been used.

"One, why are you in Yoo Sangah's body?"

\[...\]

"Your home is on the other side of the continent and aren't you busy working
on your scenarios? Why this place?"

\[It is to monitor the singularities of this world.\]

The first answer has been received.

"Singularity?"

\[Is that your second question?\]

Dammit, she was quite smart. The 'question ticket' disappeared even when the
person answered the question vaguely.

"No. Now you ask."

The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' has used the first
question ticket.

\[What is your identity?\]

"Me? I am one of the singularities you are watching."

The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' has received the first
answer.

The embarrassed Ariadne muttered, \[...How do you know this?\]

"I just guessed I was a singularity."

I was just talking but it ended up being right. Ariadne's eyes narrowed.

\[You...\]

"Don't be angry. Don't you guys do it often?"

\[A constellation who doesn't like the fun to be spoiled is pleased with your
wit.\]

Ariadne's atmosphere became filled with killing intent. However, the 'Three
Questions Exchange' should be done in this way. Those who answered the other
person's questions straight away would only see a loss. The questions ticket
should be used in a useful way while wasting the opponent's question ticket.
This was the intense fight of the Three Questions Exchange.

I continued speaking.

The second question ticket has been used.

"Then this is my second question. What the hell is a singularity?"

\[It means beings like you.\]

Urgh, she was using her head. However, this time I couldn't accept this much.

"Answer it properly. Or do you want to keep spinning in circles?"

\[...In principle, they are the ones who appear in a 'divine message'.\]

"Can you tell me more? I still can't get the hang of it."

Ariadne thought for a moment before speaking.

\[We originally didn't mean to monitor you. It is just a coincidence that we
found you.\]

...A coincidence?

\[We were trying to monitor someone else. He carries the wheel of a giant
destiny on his back and destroys the probability. A singularity is such a
person.\]

As soon as I heard this, I understood what a 'singularity' was.

The second answer has been received.

Those from Olympus had already found Yoo Joonghyuk in this regression. An
Olympus level nebula would be able to search through the mass-produced filters
and trace the information back.

First of all, they had the excellent information tracker in Hermes. In
addition, the great constellations would already become aware of the deviation
in the world's probabilities due to Yoo Joonghyuk...

However, there was something strange. The information about the 'regressor'
wasn't information that the current Ariadne could reach.

\[It is my turn for an answer.\]

The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' has used the second
question ticket.

\[Who will you select in the next Sponsor Selection?\]

It was an unexpected question. I didn't expect Olympus to be aiming for me.

\[A constellation who doesn't like the fun to be spoiled is listening to
you.\]

\[Some constellations that love the Korean peninsula are nervous.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is chanting his own
modifier.\]

It was difficult but I had no choice.

"I won't answer. Is it any fun if I tell you who I will pick?"

You have used a 'refusal ticket'.

You can't exercise the right to refuse to answer a question from now on.

It seemed she had expected this as Ariadne immediately followed with a
question.

The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' has used the third
question ticket.

\[Then I will ask the last question. How did you notice that we were
watching?\]

Shit, this was her purpose from the beginning. It was probably the result of
Ariadne thinking hard. Simply asking for my 'identity' didn't give an answer
so she created a specific question. I thought for a moment before opening my
mouth.

"I read a book well."

\[What?\]

"I found out after reading books."

My answer wasn't convincing but I couldn't reveal the story of Ways of
Survival here. It would all be filtered anyway, making it impossible for her
to understand. In addition, I didn't want to explain.

"Originally, us Koreans know the myths."

\[...What does that mean?\]

"You are quite famous in my country. You are so popular that children's
cartoons are produced. Don't you know that you are quite famous in my country?
Is there anyone who doesn't know about Olympus?"

Ariadne's confusion was conveyed through her shaky eyes.

\[It is impossible. A small country...\]

"The Cretan labyrinth."

\[...\!\]

"A half monster."

Her eyes became bigger.

"The lover who forgot you. Naxos Island. The love affair afterwards... shall I
continue?"

\[S-Stop\! I understand so stop\!\]

The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' has received the third
answer.

Ariadne made a completely wounded expression and closed her mouth.

\[How can humans in a trivial country...\]

I inwardly sighed. I somehow succeeded in overcoming this. Ariadne was a
constellation with a low probability cost. It was fortunate that she came out
as the representative of Olympus.

The movements of the Great Hole was becoming increasingly restless.

I opened my mouth, "Then this is the last question. What is the content of the
'divine message' you received this time?"

Ariadne worried about it for a long time while her eyes looked like she was
measuring an invisible scale.

\[I can't tell you.\]

The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' has used the refusal
ticket.

All questions and answers have been fully exchanged.

The three questions and three answers have ended.

I expected it but I felt sorry. In fact, the last question was the most
important.

\[A constellation who doesn't like the fun to be spoiled has a taste of
regret.\]

Ariadne looked at the lightning bolts falling from the sky and frowned.

\[My husband was curious about your story and I gave him a bit of
entertainment, but it ends here.\]

Her voice started to accelerate like she realized she had no time.

\[I only came here for one reason. Olympus will give you a stern warning.
Don't hinder our work. We are working to prevent the destruction of the world.
This woman will grow into a breakwater of the great destruction.\]

"Why this woman?"

\[Looking for the reason is pointless. Even the three sisters who spin the
thread of fate don't know why.\]

Damn. Olympus used the excuse of the Fates.

\[Incarnation caught in the scenario. The direction of fate is turning. The
stories of the stars are gathering in one place and the fate of the
constellations will begin.\]

"What are you talking about? Are you referring to Gigantomachia?"

\[...You even know this information. You are really amazing. But even if you
know this information, you shouldn't arrogantly think that you understand
everything.\]

The sparks around Yoo Sangah's body were reaching the limit. It was the sign
of a probability storm.

\[You, a puppet of the moment, will never understand. Remember. Once the time
comes, if you aren't standing on the right side\]

At that moment, a lightning bolt struck Yoo Sangah's body and I felt Ariadne's
power draining out of her. The sound of tearing through space and time
resonated and Yoo Sangah's body collapsed like a broken doll.

I hurriedly grabbed Yoo Sangah's body. Then I felt someone's gaze from the
sky. I shouldn't raise my head right now. Nobody told me this but I
instinctively knew. If I looked above me...

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' has offset your mental shock.\]

I looked up with confusion. There was something in the distant Great Hole. It
was a presence that destroyed Ariadne's power. It seemed to be a tongue or a
tentacle but in the end, it didn't resemble anything. It was a fear that was
beyond language and it was unable to be comprehended.

A god from another world.

Time seemed to slow and sweat soaked my forehead and back. It was a flow of
time filled with breathless pain. I barely blinked and the Great Hole returned
to normal. I trembled with fear. This thing was what I had to fight.

I saw Han Sooyoung running towards me in the distance. The roar of agitated
monsters filled the moonlit night and the screams of humans came as they were
intermittently hit by lightning.

There were several scenarios related to 'the end'. Ragnarok. Gigantomachia.
Armageddon... I didn't know what Ariadne was talking about but it was certain
that something was different from what I knew.

This was what I wanted. I could never reach the end I wanted if it flowed like
the original story.

I carefully laid down the collapsed Yoo Sangah. It felt like her flesh would
break if I touched it. Yoo Sangah's face was pale and she had a tight clenched
fist, as if she didn't want to support her sponsor.

Humans were weak. However, there was one thing overlooked by the stars who
were only afraid of a great probability. It was that all the myths on Earth
started from the weak humans they ignored.

I gently touched my fist to Yoo Sangah's fist.

\[In the depths of your soul, the power of the 'story' is wriggling.\]

\[Your first stigma is ready to germinate.\]

I would build a 'story' that didn't fall to any myths.

  

* * *

  

At this time, a silver wolf was running through the darkness.

'Kiik... damn wolf'.

Parasite Queen Antinus frowned as she looked at her body. The newest body she
required was an Imyuntar.

Of course, it was a situation where she just survived. Her body was torn by
the probability storm and she would've died if Lycaon hadn't been lying
unconscious nearby. Her instinct of survival saved her. It was only possible
because she was a parasitic species.

Black blood poured from Lycaon, who was hit by a fragment of the disaster. The
guides had a body that couldn't resist the disasters. Now Antinus didn't have
much time left.

'...I need a new host'.

Antinus shook as she thought of the men who killed the Disaster of Questions.

Those humans prevented the disaster that destroyed her planet. She was
desperate in front of the unbelievable sight and decided again. She would get
revenge through any means. She would exterminate the humans who destroyed her
home, Chronos. At this moment, her antennae reacted.

'This aura?'

A familiar aura was felt. It was a power that she felt from the insect kings
species found on Chronos in the past. Antinus' increased her pace. If she
infected a person with this potential, revenge wasn't impossible.

Finally, Antinus reached the location and encountered an unexpected being. She
couldn't believe it. How was this presence on Earth?

"K-Kieeek\!"

She instinctively made a sound and the boy's eyes gleamed in the moonlight.

"You will be the first insect\!" The boy, Lee Gilyoung laughed at Antinus.


