### Chapter 466: Ep. 88 - Myth-grade Constellation, IV

\[A large number of Nebulas are freaking out at your Status\!\]

\[Portion of Nebulas are freaking out at the sudden appearance of a new Myth-
grade Constellation\!\]

\[Portion of Constellations are requesting the Probability Suitability
Evaluation to the 'Bureau'\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

\[Requests for the Probability Suitability Evaluation have been denied.\]

\[<Bureau> cannot interfere at will during the applicable scenario.\]

The spectacle of the blinding sunlight crumbling down  I couldn't even
breathe properly as I focused solely on the battle itself. Ra's torso, cut by
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], began emitting bright light.

Ku-gugugugu\!

Accompanied by an intense storm of heat, our vision was clouded by thick
steam. A ploy to buy time, no doubt.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! Don't stop\!"

I shouted out and desperately continued to read the Story.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is continuing on with its storytelling\!\]

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', is amplifying the effects of other
Stories\!\]

I recalled the 1701st regression turn of Yoo Joonghyuk that I read in the
past. Yoo Joonghyuk had fought against Poseidon one on one in that turn.

On the border where the ocean's boundaries meet, Iron Blood Supreme King
unsheathed his sword.

"Poseidon. Today, you shall die."

A life that carried on for 1700 lifetimes. The swordsmanship borne out of
this life now shone brilliantly.

Yoo Joonghyuk's blade moved as if to recreate that very battle. His sword
gradually became faster and faster to utterly destroy Ra's sun.

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun', is enraged from the pain\!\]

Kwa-gagagagaga\!\!

Yoo Joonghyuk's blade continued to dance on the stage I read into reality. An
incredible storm of Probability's aftermath tried to crush me, but four Giant
Stories responded to each other and allowed me to endure the after-effects.

I still tasted iron in my mouth, though. My Incarnation Body was failing to
cope with the sudden, abrupt increase in my Status.

\[Nebula, <Vedas>, is observing your battlefield.\]

\[Nebula, <Tamna>, is observing your battlefield.\]

\[Nebula, <Olympus>, is observing your battlefield.\]

\[Nebula, <Asgard>, is observing your battlefield.\]

Look all you want.

This battle was meant for all of you to see, anyway.

\[Channel's indirect message restriction has been lifted\!\]

Even now, many Constellations would still be dismissive of our strength. They
were probably thinking that we reached this far because of our luck and
perhaps due to other Constellations lending their aid to us.

\[A large number of additional Constellations are entering the channel\!\]

\[Absolute majority of Constellations are observing your battle\!\]

However, this was now time to prove ourselves.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', roaring out\!\]

Time to prove that <Kim Dokja's Company> was not some poor sobs needing your
sponsorships but your actual competitors, and that we were a Nebula capable of
bringing down a large Nebula with our own powers.

Kwa-dududuk\!\!

Yoo Joonghyuk's sword slashes continued to corner Ra. The sunlight falling
away made noises similar to actual flesh being ripped apart.

It was then, I sensed a sharp glare coming from the empty air.

\[Great Dokkaebi, 'Noksu', is glaring at you.\]

Great Dokkaebi Noksu  not even a mid or low-grade, but a 'Great' Dokkaebi.
For someone like that, making the scenario rather inconvenient for us wouldn't
be that difficult. However, even they couldn't intervene carelessly in the
98th scenario.

Tsu-chuchuchut...

Because the scenarios from now on would be of utmost importance to the Great
Dokkaebis, as well.

\[Great Dokkaebi and the Nebula are participating in the applicable scenario
together.\]

\[All Dokkaebis can select the 'candidate' and its story they wish to tell.\]

\[Great Dokkaebi 'Noksu' has currently selected <Papyrus>.\]

I recalled the moment when Great Dokkaebis Heoju and Heoche came to see us
just before the climax of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' got underway.
Back then, those Dokkaebis said this:

You must decide now. Die in this place, or head off to the Final Scenario
with us.

Those words were suggestions meant for this very moment.

Great Dokkaebis facing the end times must risk their reputation, their
insight, and their own Stories to select the candidates for the 'One Final
Story'. And that bastard named Noksu must've chosen <Papyrus> as its
candidate.

\[According to the legend, there are three suns in <Papyrus>.\]

I spoke in true voice as Yoo Joonghyuk's Incarnation body moved again.

With the speed faster than anyone in this universe, he swung his sword filled
with the eternity's curse. Sharp strikes from the \[Black Heavenly Demon
Sword\] dug deeply into Ra's skin. The deity's temperature, reputed to be
capable of melting any metal, was being ably resisted by Lee Hyunsung's Story
metal.

With a loud rupture, Ra's heart spewed out a Story. That noble and lofty Myth-
grade Constellation was being destroyed by our hands.

\[If you were really planning to cut us down, then you should've descended
with all of your selves first.\]

The Myth-grade Constellation, Ra. A Constellation who had reached his own
'Conclusion', and had been hibernating within the Final Scenario's stage for a
very long time.

\[You think that someone like you, stuck inside a freezer until now, can win
against us with just a single sun?\]

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun', is screaming in pain\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun', is urgently scanning his vicinity\!\]

\[Just how long will you sit back and watch?\!\]

Ra's shouting caused the stars of the sky to sparkle.

\[Vedas\! Olympus\! Did you not all agree to participate together?\!\]

...What?\!

At the end of those words, ominous auras began rushing in from the distance.

The skies thrashed about and the sounds of crashing waves could be heard. The
middle of pitch-black sky split up and an enormous current of water flooded
out.

We quickly moved out of the way and dodged the waves of that Status.

\[Someone has announced his support to the Nebula, <Papyrus>.\]

\[Someone is incarnating into the scenario\!\]

It was a possessor of a Status powerful enough to send shivers down my spine.
Someone who could equal Ra before us was now descending into this world.

\[How pathetic, 'Ra'. Did you not declare that you alone would be sufficient
for this matter?\]

A voice reminding me of violent tidal waves resounded out. Quite surprisingly,
the existence that descended to this place was the very enemy Yoo Joonghyuk of
the 1701st turn fought off desperately.

\[Constellation, 'the Spear that draws the Boundaries of the Oceans' is
incarnating to this scenario\!\]

Accompanying Poseidon's entrance were the stars of the heavens rushing in like
storm clouds. They were Narrative-grade Constellations from <Vedas> and
<Lokapala>. To make matters worse, among them were individuals known to be
almost on the level of Myth-grade Constellations, as well.

\[Nebula, <Tamna>, is condemning <Vedas>'s intervention\!\]

\[Nebula, <Hongik>, is condemning <Olympus>'s intervention\!\]

Condemnation rained down. Completely not caring about that, Poseidon simply
pointed his trident, 'Triaina', in our direction. \[How dare measly beings
such as yourselves try to witness the end of this <Star Stream>?\]

The end of <Star Stream>, the epilogue that determined the conclusion of all
the worlds. Right, I had been waiting for a long time to witness it.

That was true.

\[I don't simply wish to see the 'end', actually.\]

In all honesty, what I really wanted to see was...

"Ahjussi\!"

My companions had gathered around me even before I had noticed it  Jung
Heewon, Yoo Sangah, Lee Jihye, Lee Hyunsung, Lee Gilyoung, and Shin Yoosung.

The Stories we had created together were shining brightly in the empty night
sky. I saw the trajectory of the Stories we've used beyond the galaxy in the
far distance.

No matter how wide and expansive this universe was, I was confident of
locating that very set of constellations regardless of where I was.

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', is shining brightly.\]

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', is shining brightly.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is shining brightly.\]

I hid all signs of emotions welling up in my heart and looked at my
companions.

That was where the Story he longed for could be found.

Poseidon emitting powerful Status extended his hand towards us. \[What a noisy
little full stop you are. Now, disappear.\]

<Vedas>'s army rushed in.

My companions tensed up and gathered around me. I addressed them. \[I love the
Story I managed to create with all of you. Although we encountered many
painful, sad things, we...\]

Even then, I loved this story so much so that I wished for it to continue on
forever.

"...That's not your final wish, now is it?"

Jung Heewon asked after seeing my expression. She probably sensed something
ominous from it.

I simply smiled back at her before staring at the empty skies beyond the
Nebula's army rushing in at us.

My mother once told me this. A person who watched a certain story for a long
time would eventually grow to resemble that story.

Perhaps that logic also applied to these stars, too.

\[Die\!\]

Just before the tsunami wave of <Vedas>'s army pounced on us, though...

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is incarnating into the
scenario\!\]

The night sky split up and the waterfall made out of hellish flames flooded
out. A lone Constellation riding on the fiery waves started massacring other
Constellations with her sword burning in flames.

The Archangel that I liked the best was right there.

\[ck you\! You cking bastards\!\]

The true voices of Constellations freaking out could be heard over that
torrent of expletives.

\[...But, how?\! You were definitely...\!\]

\[ck, man\! I'm Uriel\! You think you can kill me with such measly little
numbers??\]

Right after her, purple-coloured intense flames burned the heavens.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is incarnating into the
scenario\!\]

\[...Kekeke, to think you'd make me use both of my hands. You did well,
<Papyrus>.\]

The wings of a massive flying dragon tore and crushed through the
Constellations.

<Vedas>'s battleships took aim at the Black Flame Dragon and got ready to
fire. And in the following moment, dozens of vessels began exploding one after
another along with loud booms.

One could spy the golden-coloured Ruyi Jingu Bang flitting in between the
explosions.

\[You're really making it so annoying, aren't you.\]

Once the smoke cleared, a platinum-haired man could be seen standing there,
digging his ear as if he was quite bored right now.

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is incarnating into the
scenario\!\]

Uriel, Black Flame Dragon, and the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal. These three's
entrance caused unrest to spread out.

\[...Great Sage\! What is the meaning of this??\]

\[This is inter-Nebula warfare\! Do you understand what you're trying to
do...\!\]

Even before the enraged true voices of the Constellations could finish,
someone else announced their support to our cause. \[Just like you, we also
have a Story we wish to support, that's all.\]

I knew whose voice that was.

Pitch-black yet gentle darkness wrapped around us, and a loving hand touched
my shoulder.

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is incarnating into the
scenario\!\]

And if she was here, then that meant...

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is incarnating into the
scenario\!\]

The King of Underworld's cold eyes scanned the battlefield. Here he was, the
grim reaper of death capable of making all the stars shiver in fear.

First, it was the Great Sage, and now, the King of Underworld, too  the
constant appearances of Myth-grade Constellations caused the enemy
Constellations to hesitate and retreat.

\[Nebula <Underworld> is supporting <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

The two camps emitted powerful Statuses and confronted each other as if to
goad the other side to attack first. I could see the crumpled expressions of
Poseidon and Ra in the distance. And how long went by like this?
Constellations from one camp began retreating without saying anything.

\[Constellation, 'Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the Oceans' is exiting
from this scenario.\]

The enemy Constellations began disappearing one by one. Their rate of exit
grew faster now that a Myth-grade Constellation they placed so much faith in
had left the scene. The panicking <Papyrus>'s Constellations looked around in
confusion all the while cautiously studying Ra's reaction. And eventually...

\[Nebula <Papyrus> has announced the withdrawal of its Constellations.\]

Not too long after, only the half-crushed sun remained. Ra gritted its teeth
noisily and glared at us, but before long, the sounds of a star scattering
away could be heard.

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun', is exiting from the scenario.\]

The glow of setting sun filled the sky and the bright ball of fire disappeared
below the horizon. Finally, this scenario's victors had been decided.

And this is the sight Kim Dokja longed to see for a very long time.

Within the sunset's soft glow, I looked back to my companions.

Some things didn't work out as he had been hoping.

While staring at the disappearing sunlight, Yoo Joonghyuk was still gripping
the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] tightly.

Meanwhile, some things went better than he expected.

Han Sooyoung, her lips twitching slightly, hurriedly wrapped the bandages
around her arm while going, "Ouch, ouch, ouch\!"

There were moments where they got lucky irrelevant of their intentions.

Yoo Sangah sighed gently and smiled back at me.

However, all those events came together to create this very moment in time.

\[Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company> has won the inter-Nebula warfare\!\]

\[Reward payout is being prepared.\]

Both the companions and I didn't say anything.

This wasn't our first victory, but in a certain sense, it was indeed our first
victory. For a long time there, we didn't say a word and stared at each
other's faces.

We won.

We really emerged victorious against another 'Nebula'.

\[Great Dokkaebi 'Heoju' is gasping after seeing your Story.\]

\[Great Dokkaebi 'Garang' wishes to vote for your Story.\]

\[Great Dokkaebi 'Haesol' wishes to...\]

Only the system messages floated up in the empty air now.

\[Great Dokkaebi 'Bihyung' has voted for your Story.\]

\[Mid-rank Dokkaebi 'Biyoo' likes your story very much.\]

I watched the shadows of two Dokkaebis cast by the setting sun and began
thinking to myself.

We were almost there.

I turned my head towards the companions once more. I wanted to say something
to them while looking at them. But, they all carried expressions of already
knowing what I wanted to say.

Jung Heewon spoke up instead of me. "Let's go and witness the conclusion of
this world. Together."

I nodded my head.


