### Chapter 103: Ep. 21  Things That Can't Be Changed, I

 "...Captain, what did you just say?" 

I came to my senses because of Shin Yoosung's disbelieving voice.

 "Say it again. What did you say just now? What? Companion?"

"..."

"That man is your companion?" 

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't reply to the voice filled with distrust. I was surprised
as well but Shin Yoosung's shock was devastating. The Yoo Joonghyuk with a
strong ego had called me his 'companion'.

 "Yes." 

This suddenly scared me. No matter how I thought about it, he wasn't someone
who would call me a 'companion'. Didn't this bastard know I was going to be
resurrected?

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' is touched by your companionship.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is blushing at your
companionship.\]

\[500 coins have been sponsored.\]

Yes, now I understood. Yoo Joonghyuk, he was looking for coin sponsorship. It
was a little strange to see that Uriel wasn't involved but he must be
targeting sponsorship by one of the constellations.

I became convinced as I watched him bleeding. Considering that this was his
third regression, it wasn't impossible for Yoo Joonghyuk to say the word
'companion'. In the early rounds, he had called Lee Hyunsung and Lee Seolhwa
'companions' when they died.

It hurt to think about the large number of coins he would be receiving right
now. I couldn't help my emotions becoming cold. Damn, I should've said that
line.

 "Captain, how can you say that?" 

Of course, Shin Yoosung didn't know Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts and looked as if
the world had collapsed.

There was no choice. The 41st regression Shin Yoosung...

She never once heard Yoo Joonghyuk call anyone his companion. Shin Yoosung's
fist hit Yoo Joonghyuk's blade.

Despite the clash between the body and the weapon, the thing that received
damage was Yoo Joonghyuk's sword. It was the SS-grade Splitting the Sky Sword.
Putting aside the special options, the durability and strength were one of the
best. Yet this sword was damaged by Shin Yoosung's fist.

In the end, the Splitting the Sky Sword failed to overcome the shock and was
bent. The mighty Splitting the Sky was helplessly deflected.

 "How dare you say this in front of me?" 

Shin Yoosung shouted and didn't use any special skills. She just threw a punch
that contained ether condensed to the limit.

Yoo Joonghyuk coughed up blood and flew back at this blow. Her attacks, her
speed and her variations. Shin Yoosung was superior to Yoo Joonghyuk in all
aspects.

The Red Phoenix Shunpo and Breaking the Sky Sword that Yoo Joonghyuk was proud
of faded in front of Shin Yoosung.

There was the terrible sound of the body breaking and Yoo Joonghyuk was pushed
back. It wasn't a matter of talent but a matter of time.

Despite being weakened by the descent, the 41st Shin Yoosung was the Beast
Lord who was close to the limits that Shin Yoosung could reach. On the other
hand, the current Yoo Joonghyuk was in the early stages of Yoo Joonghyuk's
growth.

 "Why call him a companion? Is it because he sacrificed himself for you? Just
because of this?" 

Blood emerged without stopping. However, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't give up. He
didn't stop and kept wielding his sword. That jerk, why the hell was he
fighting?

I watched the bleeding Yoo Joonghyuk and became increasingly frustrated.
Shouldn't he run away after realizing something was wrong? Wasn't that what he
normally did?

Once again, Shin Yoosung opened her mouth.

 "Then what about me and the others? Jihye unni and Hyunsung oppa. Seolhwa
unni? What the hell are the people who fought with you?"

"I... I don't know what you're talking about."

"What?"

"There is only one thing I know." Yoo Joonghyuk wiped the blood from his lips
and said. "You killed my companion in this round. Thus, you will also die." 

Damn, this time I couldn't help feeling touched.

\[Excessive immersion has restricted some of the features of Fourth Wall.\]

I was fooled by his acting. Yes, I read Ways of Survival for this taste. Come
to think of it, I had been in tears when Yoo Joonghyuk said something similar
to Lee Hyunsung.

I suddenly felt restless. A mere reader became a companion of the main
character, Yoo Joonghyuk.

Shin Yoosung looked at Yoo Joonghyuk with a face that seemed to have lost
everything.

 "You can't be like this..." 

An ominous aura filled her surroundings. It was a process where emptiness
turned to betrayal and betrayal turned to anger.

 "You are changing. I can't tolerate it." 

Ether filled Shin Yoosung's fists. I wanted to watch a bit more but I was
filled with a sense of crisis.

\[Excessive immersion leads to a profound increase in the proficiency of
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.\]

If this went wrong then Yoo Joonghyuk would really die. I couldn't let him be
killed here. I quickly switched the mode of Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.

It was from third person to 1st person protagonist's point of view.

\[Changing your viewpoint to first person.\]

...

\[Changing to the 1st person protagonist's point of view has failed.\]

What? Why?

\[You have failed to meet the conditions to change the viewpoint.\]

It felt like I had been hit in the back of the head. There were two conditions
to use 1st person protagonist's point of view.

One, I must be dead and in an out of body state. Two, the target and I should
be thinking about each other.

The first condition was met but the problem was the second condition. That
jerk wasn't thinking about me right now?

Then what was with all the running amok because of revenge? I watched Yoo
Joonghyuk who was frantically attacking and became stunned.

 "Die. I will kill you." 

...That bastard, was he thinking about anything? Shin Yoosung watched Yoo
Joonghyuk and opened his mouth.

 "It can't be helped. I was going to finish it quickly but I changed my
mind." 

Shin Yoosung smiled like she was a devil.

 "I will finish off Captain's world in the most terrible way." 

Shin Yoosung's eyes shifted away from Yoo Joonghyuk. My heart sank the moment
I followed her gaze. Shit, I really couldn't wait here and watch. If I
couldn't transfer to Yoo Joonghyuk then someone else...

At this moment, a sharp sensation crossed my mind. An unexpected character was
thinking of me.

...Could I transfer to this person? Was it possible? Ah, that's right. It was
because Yoo Joonghyuk said those words. Yes, maybe it would be better to
transfer to this person. I don't know, let's just try it.

I started projecting my mind towards that person. Then after a while. My
vision shook and I became dizzy.

\[Changing your viewpoint to first person.\]

My consciousness was sucked to another place.

  

* * *

  

'Companion?'

The first time she heard it, Shin Yoosung questioned her ears. Companion. How
was this possible? This was Yoo Joonghyuk, not another person.

Shin Yoosung couldn't understand the emotion that blossomed deep inside her
heart. It was an emotion she had forgotten for a thousand years.

Yoo Joonghyuk, companion.

She didn't know what had happened to Yoo Joonghyuk. But if it was true,
perhaps the Yoo Joonghyuk of that time towards her...

Shin Yoosung touched the ground without realizing it.

'It is low'.

Shin Yoosung thought so. Thus, I thought so.

"This is your last chance." She couldn't tolerate such a lowly thing. "If you
take your words back then I will send you away without any pain. Say it. Say
he isn't your companion, just someone you know."

The bleeding Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer despite his condition. Shin Yoosung
had crushed one arm and his legs were weak. Even so, Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were
still alive.

Shin Yoosung stared at Yoo Joonghyuk and gritted her teeth before giving an
order. "Hold onto Yoo Joonghyuk."

The 6th grade sulfur mummies that had passed through the Monster Gate started
moving. Their white bandages grabbed Yoo Joonghyuk's body and Yoo Joonghyuk's
limbs were pulled as if they were going to be torn apart. Shin Yoosung
declared, "Captain, I'll kill them one by one. Captain, you are the one who
chose the most painful way."

Shin Yoosung walked towards the edge of the island, leaving Yoo Joonghyuk
alone.

"Kill her\! She is the disaster\!"

The incarnations climbing up from the water discovered Shin Yoosung. Shin
Yoosung waved her hands towards them. The incarnations were touched by the
light that came from her hands and were torn apart like wet newspaper. There
was no time for them to scream.

"Flood."

Monsters poured from the Monster Gate at her order. Two of the most powerful
monsters were standing behind her like they were guards.

The 5th grade sea species, King Masswood. The 5th grade behemoth, Heavy Metal
Bean.

They were monsters who could cause small disasters in this world. She was
about to speak when a sharp strike came from the side.

"Where are you going?"

It was a flashy sword. The person wielding it wore a black hoodie over a slim
skirt. Shin Yoosung immediately recognized who she was. Demon Slaying was
burning in Lee Jihye's eyes.

"You dared to make Master look like that?"

The majesty of a great constellation emerged from Lee Jihye's body. It was the
power of a person who was stronger than anyone in the sea. Shin Yoosung
noticed the stigma that Lee Jihye wanted to use. This place was a river.

"...Your Majesty."

The moment she started reciting a passage, transparent ships emerged from
every corner of Han River.

"I still have 12 ships...\!"

12 ships appeared on Han River, scattering the water. It was a sight that made
people speechless. The stigma of the Duke of Loyalty and Warfare, Ghost Fleet.
Despite the oppressive aura of the ships, Shin Yoosung just smiled like she
had missed it.

"...Indeed. This is Unni's skill."

"Unni? You are a lot older than me\!"

"However, you still have a long way to go. The captain should be on the ship.
Why are you in a place like this?" Shin Yoosung reached her in an instant and
touched Lee Jihye's chin. There was no time for resistance. "Poor Unni. You
don't know anything."

"Shit\! What is this speed?"

Lee Jihye hurriedly retreated but she couldn't escape Shin Yoosung's speed.

"You don't know. Yoo Joonghyuk will use you and abandon you. You will die."

Lee Jihye's blade flew towards Shin Yoosung. Shin Yoosung lightly grabbed the
blade.

"You, who wanted to be acknowledged by Yoo Joonghyuk, died in the sea you
loved so much. You were horribly slaughtered by the Japanese who hated your
sponsor."

"Everybody, attack with full power\!"

The 12 ships started firing the moment Lee Jihye shouted. Shin Yoosung laughed
as she watched the flying shells.

"Do you know what Yoo Joonghyuk said after losing you?"

The shells hit Shin Yoosung's body. There was the loud sound of an explosion.
Shin Yoosung emerged from the smoke and kept talking.

"In the future, sea battles will be a bit difficult."

The countless shells didn't damage Shin Yoosung's white fur armour. It was one
of Shin Yoosung's unique skills, her strongest defense skill called Beast
King's Sensitivity. The white fur wrapped around her didn't tolerate even a
single scratch.

"Don't worry Unni. That won't happen this time."

Shin Yoosung laughed.

"I'll send you away without any pain."


