### Chapter 120: Ep. 23 - Abandoned World, V

There were exactly five grooves in the crystal. Yoo Joonghyuk and I were well
aware of what to place there.

Yoo Joonghyuk stood next to me and said, "You came."

"Yes. Unfortunately."

"It doesn't matter if you sit this one out." I turned towards Yoo Joonghyuk at
the unexpected words. This guy was still talking without looking at me. "You
have a woman you love."

"...What?"

"It'll be hard."

It felt like I understood something that couldn't be resolved. Perhaps he
didn't want to take me to the scenario out of care towards me? It was
ridiculous. Yoo Joonghyuk?

"It could be the last time."

I shook my head. It wasn't necessarily impossible when I thought about it. Yoo
Joonghyuk had lost Lee Seolhwa in the second regression. It wasn't an
exaggeration to say that Yoo Joonghyuk was arguably the world's greatest
authority when it came to losing a loved one.

I told him, "It's not like that. Do you think my face is full of love?"

I didn't mean it but the words sounded like self-deprecation. Let me say this
first. I have a decent face.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me quietly and said, "Certainly, I don't care if you
die."

Shit.

"Your words are too harsh. I'm hurt."

"Don't forget I still have one hit left."

"...Ah, yes. I had almost forgotten. Thanks for reminding me."

I didn't know if this bastard wanted me to live or to die. I communicated
directly to my companions through the group chat.

I will inform you of the precautions now.

Using the group chat meant that things should be kept secret. The party
members focused on my story while pretending to be quiet.

The warp crystal transports two people together. That's why we will move in
pairs, like I mentioned before.

Yoosung will be with me as team 1, Heewon-ssi and Hyunsung-ssi will be team
2, Yoo Sangah-ssi and No406 will be team 3. Gilyoung doesn't have a partner so
he will go with Yoo Joonghyuk's group. That Yoo Joonghyuk... he can take care of
himself.

You might get dizzy when moving through the crystal. Please don't panic. The
scenario will start as soon as you arrive. Keep in mind that once the scenario
begins in earnest...

I was rapidly rattling off instructions when the dokkaebi appeared on top of
the warp crystal.

\[Wait a minute. I'm really sorry but I have an emergency announcement.\]

Emergency announcement?

\[I forgot to mention that the number of people who can participate from Seoul
Dome is 8, not 10.\]

"What are you suddenly saying?"

All the participants were already decided...

Looking closer, this was the dokkaebi who asked me about how to update the
scenario in the Underworld. Was he called Youngki?

\[This scenario... there are those who have already gone to the sixth scenario
due to the dimension warping in the fifth scenario becoming twisted.\]

"...Someone is already there?"

\[Yes, Seoul Dome already has two people in the scenario.\]

That reminded me, Han Sooyoung and Gong Pildu were already in the scenario. I
saw them on the screen in the Underworld but had forgotten for a moment.

By the way, part of the dimension warped. It seemed that the intermediate
dokkaebi had intervened quite a bit in the scenario to kill me.

\[It might be a scenario error but I am removing two of the existing spots for
fairness.\]

"What? You can't do that\! Then who the hell is going?"

The people who weren't even going were the most upset. The party members
looked at me with troubled expressions. Even Yoo Joonghyuk was watching me. It
was an expression that told me to make the decisions. Damn...

Unexpectedly, the first one to raise her hand was Yoo Sangah. "I'll stay
back."

She noticed my hesitation and decided to help by coming forward herself. I had
to take that grandmother, even if I lost Yoo Sangah.

Jung Heewon raised her hand next. "I will also stay back. Won't there be
another quota anyway?"

"Is it okay?"

"Dokja-ssi looks worried today but don't you know? This time that scary person
is on the same side."

Certainly, it was reassuring if Jung Heewon and Yoo Sangah were left behind.
They would be able to make it into the second quota, even if there was a lot
of competition.

In the end, the two people dropped out and Lee Hyunsung paired up with the
grandmother. The grandmother looked vaguely pleased.

Just before we left, I whispered to Yoo Sangah. "I forgot to say this but tell
the King of Wanderers to be wary of Jeon Ildo. I think you already know why."

Yoo Sangah nodded and hesitated before whispering to me. "Don't die."

I nodded. Then Jung Heewon asked, "...Aren't you departing now? I'm not a
constellation but they must be impatient."

Yoo Sangah blushed and retreated while my party and I approached the warp
crystal. I pulled out everything that I acquired from the disasters.

The Protection Symbol of the Imyuntar.

Protection Symbol of the Parasites.

The Protection Symbol of the Jenobel.

Then Yoo Joonghyuk and No406 pulled out one each. They were protection symbols
obtained from defeating the Disaster of Ice and Disaster of Water.

\[Insert the five protection symbols.\]

The message flowed from the Warp Crystal and we placed them in the grooves.

There were five protection symbols. It was proof that this world was protected
from the disasters. Only those who survived the disasters were qualified to go
to other worlds.

\[The qualifications are complete.\]

\[The Warp Crystal is activated.\]

The crystal split into four pieces and a blue coloured door was created. We
entered in pairs. Shin Yoosung and I held each other firmly and moved through
the door.

\[The main scenario has been updated.\]

  

* * *

  

I opened my eyes and Shin Yoosung and I were in a lush forest. We stumbled and
felt the clay texture of the soil. I was dizzy enough to vomit. I told the
party members not to panic but it was funny that I was the only one to get
dizzy.

I looked around and saw that Shin Yoosung was in the midst of vomiting. "Are
you okay?"

"Urgh..."

I patted Shin Yoosung's back and looked around. My mind was confused but I
couldn't stay in this chaotic state. I looked in front of me, behind me and to
the side. Only the forest was visible.

We were in the middle of the forest. It was a scenery that was too similar to
Earth.

\[The main scenario 'Abandoned World' has begun.\]

The scenario message rose straight away. However, I couldn't afford to check
the details of the main scenario right now. I could already feel killing
intent from the nearby bushes.

"Yoosung."

Shin Yoosung came to her senses and raised her head. Rustling sounds came from
the bushes. This was one of the places where new scenario entrants were warped
to. If I assumed the worst, those in the bushes were the incarnations of other
countries that arrived before us.

I nervously prepared to use the Bookmark skill. Maybe those who warped to this
world were the elite among the elites. If I didn't do my best in the
beginning, my head could fly in the blink of an eye.

However, the thing that emerged from the bushes wasn't what I expected.

\[The 7th grade monster 'steel wolf' has appeared.\]

Shin Yoosung and I looked at each other with an identical expressions on our
faces after hearing that. It was funny. We were probably the only ones who
would be relieved by this message.

"I think they are quite small, ahjussi."

Given the fact that typical monsters were the size of a house, the current
steel wolves were the size of ordinary wolves. There were approximately 10 of
them. It wasn't a difficult number to deal with.

\[The character 'Shin Yoosung' has used 'Advanced Diverse Communication Lv.
3'.\]

Shin Yoosung used Advanced Diverse Communication to make the monsters fight
each other. Those Shin Yoosung failed to tame were killed by the Blade of
Faith. The 7th grade monsters were unbelievably fragile. It seemed that their
strength was reduced as their size became smaller.

Shin Yoosong wondered, "...Uh? There are no coins?"

"The event is over."

"There aren't even any items. There are no cores."

"There is a lot of difference in stats."

"Are they really 7th grade monsters? They seem more like 9th grade..."

Shin Yoosung looked a bit lost. It was probably because the first monsters she
met after being so tense were weak.

That reminded me, the condition of the forest was a bit strange. This type of
forest would normally have trees that rose far above my head. However, these
trees were only a little bit taller than my head.

The contents of the scenario were still a mystery. There was only the title
'Abandoned World' while everything else were still filled with question marks.

\[The scenario activation conditions haven't been met yet.\]

I jumped up a bit and looked around. Fortunately, the trees weren't tall so I
could see the scenery of the surrounding area just by jumping lightly.

"It isn't all a forest. Let's go over there."

In fact, I knew what to expect if I left this zone. We moved along a forest
path. Not long afterwards, the forest ended and a plains appeared. On the
plains...

"...Ahjussi?"

We faced a group of soldiers.

"They appeared\! It really is a scenario\!" Someone shouted at us. It sounded
like Korean, even if it was an alien language.

The confused Shin Yoosung stepped towards me.

Hundreds of troops were filling the vast plains. There were dozens of cavalry
and hundreds of archers. In addition, there were hundreds of infantry. There
were enough people for a war waiting for us here.

"Everybody prepare their skills\!"

"Prepare to advance\!"

Numerous people pointed spears and lances at us. We didn't do anything but
were seen as enemies.

"Attack\!"

It would obviously be an overwhelming sight if it was normal. If only it
wasn't for their size.

"Waaaaahhhhh\!" The troops running across the plaints were small people the
size of my fist.

Shin Yoosung cried out, "They are tiny\!"

"They are the inhabitants of this place."

"Surely we don't have to fight them? No?" Shin Yoosung stepped away from the
small people who were running. "...I feel sorry because they are so small."

\[You have met with the people of this world. Check the scenario contents.\]

Then a scream came from the distance.

"A-A disaster has appeared on the other side\!"

"Kuaaack\!"

"R-Run away\! Full retreat\!"

The small people rushing towards us started running away. It was due to the
incarnations killing the small people in the distance.

"Hahahaha\!"

"What is this? It is a really easy scenario\!"

It was probably a foreign language being interpreted. There were two samurai
wielding swords. They were Japanese. They were playful as they casually cut
down the small people like bugs.

Shin Yoosung watched the ruthless butchery and cried out in a stricken voice.
"...Ahjussi? What is this scenario? What should we do?"

I knew why Yoo Joonghyuk didn't want to bring Shin Yoosung. If I thought about
it, he might be more humane than me.

"It isn't just our planet that runs scenarios in the Star Stream." I pointed
to the small people fleeing the plains. "This scenario is a scenario that we
share with them."

\[Many of the constellations are hungry for violence and blood.\]

\[A significant number of constellations are urging you to make a bold choice.

\[The main scenario is activated.\]

\[Main Scenario \# 6 - Abandoned World\]

Category: Main

Difficulty: S

Clear Conditions: Wipe out all dominant species on the No. 9871 planetary
system, the planet called Peace Land.

Time Limit: 40 days

Compensation: 200,000 coins, ???

Failure: 

In the sixth scenario, we no longer had the role of preventing a disaster.

\[You have become a disaster of the planet Peace Land.\]

In this place, we must be disasters that destroyed this world.


