### Chapter 124: Ep. 24 - Things that Can Be Changed, IV

\[The Star Stream has noticed your anomalous behavior.\]

I hadn't fought yet but my body was already showing subtle signs of shrinking.
If I received the penalty then I would be like my other companions in a flash.

I deliberately approached them slowly and asked. "Why are you hostile to
Koreans?"

There was a fight against the Japanese in the original novel but it hadn't
started so early. Besides, I destroyed the Absolute Throne and South Korea's
entry into the scenario was slower. That's why this unfolded...

"Do you have to ask? You were hostile to us first."

"...Are you talking about nationalist sentiment? I don't have any anti-Japanese
feelings."

"You Josenjings killed us first."

I looked at Lee Hyunsung and asked, "Really?"

"No\! It is true that we fought to defend the small people but we didn't kill
the Japanese."

"You didn't?"

The samurai gritted his teeth. "I'm not talking about you. If you're going to
feign innocence then stop."

Weren't we the first ones to enter?

...Wait. Somehow I knew why the Japanese incarnations felt like this.

The samurai cried out, "Don't make a fuss...\!"

Yes, this was it.

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' can now be activated.\]

\[The number four bookmark has been activated.\]

\[Way of the Wind Lv. 8 has been activated.\]

A gust of wind blew my way. The Japanese screamed as they were pushed back by
the wind pressure and I rescued my party members in this short gap.

"Everybody grab onto me."

Lee Hyunsung and Lee Jihye hung onto my shoulders while Lee Gilyoung slipped
into my pocket with Shin Yoosung.

"This is my spot\!"

"You can go to the other pocket\!"

As the children were fighting, I grabbed onto grandmother No406 with both
hands.

"Then I'm going."

I started running through the forest. There was no need to deal with all the
Japanese people here. If I killed anyone then my plan would be a failure.

\[Hostile acts against a disaster have been detected.\]

\[You have been given a first scenario penalty.\]

\[Your body size has reduced.\]

\[Your total stats have decreased.\]

Due to magnitude of the battle, the penalty already started. My body size was
reduced by approximately 5 cm. Fortunately, my coat was decreased along with
my body. As expected from the SSS-grade item, it changed shape with the user.
I wondered how small it could become.

"Catch him\!"

I saw the Japanese people running behind me.

\[Some constellations want to pay back the nation's humiliating history.\]

\[2,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

The messages from the Korean constellations rang in my ears. In fact, it
wasn't strange for them to be angry. At first glance, some of the Japanese had
constellations that would provoke anger.

I asked Lee Jihye who was clinging to my shoulder. "Why did you get captured
already when your sponsor is Duke of Loyalty and Warfare?"

"...There isn't any water around here."

The Duke of Loyalty and Warfare was useless without water until he got the Two
Dragon Sword. Lee Hyunsung would've been penalized while protecting the small
children and Lee Gilyoung... he was currently having a conversation with Shin
Yoosung.

"You should cherish insects. Don't just kill them."

"...The small people aren't insects."

"They are as small as insects."

Yes, I knew what happened. Sometimes I was afraid that Lee Gilyoung would
become a psychopath.

"He is going in the prime minister's direction\!"

"Contact the prime minister\!"

Thanks to the penalty and the colony effect, the Japanese people were catching
up to me despite Way of the Wind. I told Lee Hyunsung and the others.

"There is a person I have to catch before the snake hunt."

"You have to catch the prime minister?"

"He is someone who leads the Japanese fighters and the disasters will pause
for a bit after his death."

Once the small person transformation began, the gap with the disasters was too
big. If I didn't catch the prime minister now then he would be the hardest to
deal with later on.

Grandmother No406, who was sitting on my hand, asked me. "Young man, am I
heavy?"

"It is heavy."

The grandmother was heavy. It wasn't because of my body size had been reduced.

"Do you understand? There is only one chance."

The grandmother laughed. "Yes, yes."

The core of this mission was the grandmother No406. It might be fortunate that
I found the prime minister, even if I missed the snake. The prime minister was
strong but as long as this grandmother existed, the prime minister would
surely be killed.

Then a man appeared from the bushes in front of me. "My sponsor is clamouring...
what is the fuss?"

The man wore a gold armband and looked like a yakuza. Needless to say, he was
the person I was looking for. He was 'Prime Minister' Yamamoto.

"...A Josenjing?" The prime minister was holding an iron cage with a female
small person trapped inside.

Lee Jihye screamed furiously. "This person...\!"

The girl in the cage was probably 'Asuka Ren' of the first group. She was the
first person from Japan who refused to be a 'disaster'. Just like not all
Koreans were good people, not all Japanese were bad. Good and bad were just
determined by accident according to the circumstances.

The prime minister asked, "Hey, who are you?"

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Yamamoto Hajime

Age: 64 years old

Sponsor: Korean Empire Invader

Exclusive Attributes: Colonialist \(Hero\), Lustful Person \(Hero\), Anti-
Korean \(Rare\)

Exclusive Skills: Hand to Hand Combat Lv. 7, Advanced Weapons Training Lv. 4,
Japanese Kendo Lv. 8, Mental Focus Lv. 3, Crowd Command Lv.4...

Stigma: Colonization Lv. 7, Spirit Concentration Lv. 5

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 60 \(+10\), Strength Lv. 60 \(+10\), Agility Lv.
60 \(+10\), Magic Power Lv. 60 \(+10\).

Overall Evaluation: This is Yamamoto Hajime, who leads one of the four major
groups in Japan. He can use 'colonization' to exert a powerful influence on
people from a particular nation. If you are Korean or Chinese, it is
recommended not to confront this person.

"Why did the colonial slaves come here?"

Just as there were the three kings in South Korea, Japan had this person.
Every country had those who lost sense of what era this was.

\[Yamamoto Hajime's synchronization has risen due to the scenario buff.\]

Korean Empire Invader. The sponsor behind Yamato was Ito Hirobumi, the first
prime minister of Japan.

\[The effect of 'Colonization' has made your movements dull.\]

\[The effect of 'Colonization' weakens your mind.\]

Yamamoto's stigma Colonization gave a powerful debuff to people who had
experienced domination by Japan in history. The mental debuff was offset by
Fourth Wall but the constraints on my movements were quite large.

I tried to resist capture as I said, "Don't try to pretend to be a great
person."

"Trivial person...\!"

Perhaps the Korean Empire Invader was trying to accumulate stories in this
scenario. However, it wouldn't work.

\[The constellation who longs for the independence of his nation is looking at
you.\]

\[The great independence fighter promises to kill him if you give the
constellation three bullets.\]

I ran straight towards Yamamoto. I put away Unbroken Faith and pulled out
Ganpyeongui.

"Kill him\!"

The clever Yamamoto used his men as a meat shield. It was an act that he did
because he knew I would become a small person the moment I killed one person.

Killing Yamamoto himself wasn't a problem. The problem was that after I
killed, the damage I would receive wasn't just the small person
transformation.

If I killed someone then I would lose the effect of King of No Killing. Of
course, I would give up the King of No Killing in this scenario.

However, not right now. I couldn't afford to kill the prime minister. Thus, I
wouldn't be the one fighting here.

\[Ganpyeongui's special option 'Echo of the Stars' has been activated.\]

\['Echo of the Stars' allows you to ask for the help of a constellation.\]

\[The constellation can refuse your request and the number of times
Ganpyeongui can be used is reduced when the constellation responds to the
request.\]

I turned the Earth Disc and the constellations on the Sky Disc flashed
brightly.

\[The great constellations hear your voice flowing through the stars.\]

I didn't hesitate to call one constellation. "I want the Nation's Independence
Activist."

In the long history of invasions on the Korean peninsula, there were a myriad
of people who received the title of independence activist. Among them, there
was only one person with the modifier of Nation's Independence Activist.

It was because all the other constellations of the Korean Peninsula gave her
this modifier.

\[The constellation 'Nation's Independence Activist' has responded to your
call.\]

A calm and clear energy penetrated my mind and the constellation's image
surfaced. She wore black mourning clothes and a white skirt. A girl who was
too young to climb to the throne of a constellation.

I opened my mouth but the constellation shook her head. It was as if there was
no need to say thank you. I nodded. If Japan had Ito then South Korea had this
constellation.

"What? Who is his sponsor?"

The confused Japanese incarnations yelled. However, there were no signs of
abnormalities from me and the Japanese regained their spirit.

\[The stigma 'Declaration of Independence Lv. 1' has countered the effect of
Colonization.\]

They were unaware that my strike had already begun.

\[The stigma 'Non-Violent Zone' blocks the movement of you and people from
certain countries...\]

Suddenly, all the Japanese people in the vicinity froze.

"My body...?"

If Colonization was a stigma exclusively for Koreans, Non-Violent Zone was a
stigma exclusively for the Japanese. Once this stigma was used, all Japanese
people in the area would be unable to move one step. It would last for one
minute.

"Move\! Move now\!"

Among the confused Japanese people, only Yamamoto laughed amusedly. He was
also trapped by my stigma. "The power of this constellation... how interesting.
My sponsor is going crazy."

"..."

"However, you also can't move. How will you kill me?"

I smiled. "I'm not going to kill you."

It was natural. The person who would kill Yamamoto had been decided from the
beginning.

"Grandmother, now\!"

The person sitting on my left hand, prisoner No406 moved. Like magic, the
grandmother's body started to grow rapidly.

"W-What is that?"

In fact, the grandmother had never been affected by the small person
transformation. It was because she was a 'small person' from the beginning. It
was thanks to the magic that a sponsor of my mother's subordinate, Jeon
Woochi, placed on her.

"Don't panic\! She is just a grandmother\!"

The Japanese staggered due to the binding force as they tried to stop the
grandmother. The grandmother just approached them with a smile.

\[The character 'Lee Boksoon' has activated the skill 'Elderly Person Lv.
7'.\]

\[Characters younger than 'Lee Boksoon' will feel respect for her.\]

"Shit, what is this?"

The Japanese people retreated like they were conceding seats on the subway. Of
course, it wasn't intentional.

"Huhu, thanks for letting me pass. In fact, there is no need to make
concessions."

\[The character 'Lee Boksoon' has activated the skill 'Old Strength Lv. 6'.\]

"This grandmother is strong."

The Japanese people pushed by the grandmother screamed and fell down. Their
arms were swollen like they would burst. Her appearance had transformed into a
muscular body. Lee Hyunsung gaped over the wonderful muscles.

"...B-Block\! Block her\!" Prime Minister Yamamoto realized something was wrong
and screamed.

I opened my mouth. "Grandmother, do it quickly."

Lee Boksoon nodded. It might be a favourable situation but she would become a
small person if she killed even one person. The important thing was killing
the target before becoming a small person. The energy of Lee Boksoon's sponsor
emerged.

\[The constellation 'Nation's Independence Activist' and 'Harbin Sniper' has
created an ensemble effect.\]

\[The Harbin Sniper will gain a 100% hit rate.\]

\[The Harbin Sniper's bullet damage will increase by 150%.\]

Now Lee Boksoon looked more like a fighter than an old person. A fighter who
dedicated his life for only one purpose.

"How long have you been sitting in the elderly seats? This isn't the Korean
Empire. I tried to get along with the young people but they should know when
to move out of the way."

\[The character 'Lee Boksoon' has activated the skill 'Three Shots Lv. 1'.\]

Lee Boksoon made a gun shape by stretching out her index finger and thumb to a
90 degree angle. Magic power formed at the tip of her index finger. Most
incarnations were hardly ever damaged by magic power bullets. Except for one
person.

The prime minister was shocked. "T-That ability? Your sponsor is...\!"

 Stage Transformation. 

The phenomenon that occurred when constellations related to each other met was
activated.

The surrounding scenery distorted and I seemed to hear the engine of a steam
locomotive. It became an old train platform. It was my first time seeing it
but I knew where this place was.

The year 1909, Harbin, China.

"Aaaaah...\!" It was the place where Ito Hirobumi had died. "N-No\! Dammit\!
Stop her\!"

Yamamoto shouted with fright. For Stage Transformation to occur, the
synchronization with the constellation had to be absolute.

\[Specialized damage of 'Three Shots' is applied due to the influence of Stage
Transformation.\]

\[The bullets' damage will increase by 2000%.\]

The bullets made to kill only one person burned at Lee Boksoon's fingertip.

\[The constellation Korean Empire Invader is requesting help from the other
constellations of Japan\!\]

\[The constellation Korean Empire Invader is screaming and staring at
incarnation 'Lee Boksoon'.\]

Prisoner number 406, Lee Boksoon. The sponsor behind her was the one who
assassinated Ito Hirobumi, the righteous An Junggeun.

"Farewell, Japanese lord."

The three shots fired and Yamamoto stared blankly at his chest as he fell
backwards.


