### Chapter 403: Ep. 76 - Book of Revelation, V

The Final Scenario.

Acting as if they already knew what I wanted, the two Dokkaebis wearing the
contrasting black and white formal suits pressed me for an answer.

\[You must decide now. Die in this place, or head off to the Final Scenario
with us.\]

The Great Dokkaebis, Heoju and Heoche.

I knew a few things about these two Great Dokkaebi siblings. Well, they did
appear frequently in the latter half of the 'Ways of Survival', after all.

Besides that, though. To think, they would mention 'Final Scenario' with their
own lips... It seemed that the Dokkaebis were finally getting ready for the end
of this world as well.

Just as Constellations and Incarnations repeatedly fought to ensure their
continued survival, the storytellers also had a story that they needed to
convey at any cost.

And the Great Dokkaebis were getting ready for that final story.

 Final Scenario? What are these two talking about?

Han Sooyoung didn't seem to know.

Herself from the 1863rd regression turn must've not told her of it, it seems.

I recalled that version of Han Sooyoung, wearing the exact same white coat as
me. That meticulous person wouldn't have forgotten about it, so it was more
likely that her choice was deliberate.

 It's too long to explain right now.

I couldn't really tell. However, she might have believed that not knowing
would be more advantageous for herself in the 3rd turn.

I felt just a bit strange after recalling Han Sooyoung from the 1863rd turn
after such a long while.

That turn, when I went to visit it, was already facing its final battle. Did
Han Sooyoung survive that battle? If she did, what kind of person would she
have become now?

I shifted my head to find Yoo Joonghyuk staring at me.

 Are you going to accept their offer?

 You're actually asking me that?

As if he knew it, he turned his head away.

He looked as if he was rueful about something. If I had accepted the offer,
then he might have lopped my head off right this instant or something.

Meanwhile, Great Dokkaebis were still waiting for me.

\[Your decision?\]

"Well, I'm sure you've already guessed it... No thanks."

\[And your reason is?\]

"Because it's suspicious."

\[Suspicious?\]

"From the get-go, the offer itself is strange. Give up on the 'Great War of
Saints and Demons', and you'll take me to the Final Scenario... Can't you really
see what's missing from that? You're a storyteller, yet your degree of
understanding towards my Story is strikingly low."

Great Dokkaebi Heoche looked at me in dumbfoundedness, before eyeing Great
Dokkaebi Heoju.

The latter nodded his head and spoke. \[If you accept the offer, then we shall
lend our aid to ensure the survival of every <Kim Dokja's Company> member
present in this place.\]

Both Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung looked at me simultaneously at that
unexpected declaration.

A path that would save everyone from <Kim Dokja's Company> present here, plus
taking us right to the Final Scenario?

"Even if it's the Bureau, wouldn't doing something like that as you please
tilt the balance of Probability?"

\[That is something for us to worry about.\]

This could be a once-in-a-lifetime chance, an opportunity to save everyone and
reach the Final Scenario. An offer so tempting that one wouldn't even dare to
think about rejecting it.

Even then, my head was colder than it was ever before.

"It sounds like you're in a really tight situation right now. Surely, me
giving up on the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' can't be everything there is
to your offer?"

\[...\!\!\]

"I'll have to sign the 'Stream Contract' with you guys in exchange. Am I
correct?"

The Stream Contract. A type of contract that I had with Bihyung once upon a
time.

The two Great Dokkaebis formed surprised expressions. I decided to land
another blow. "In order to become the 'Final Storyteller', you are trying to
take my Story and use it, aren't you?"

\[...How do you know things like this?\]

"I'm not interested in your offer."

\[Then, your group will die here.\]

"We don't know that. Didn't you say it earlier? It's 'almost' a guarantee. In
that case, there's a very low chance of us not dying."

\[Have you not seen the Calamity from the other world-line?\]

This time, it was my turn to be surprised. It seemed that Great Dokkaebis were
now more or less aware of the events of the 1863rd regression turn.

\[The Apocalypse Dragon isn't some simple Calamity that a single Constellation
or Nebula can stop.\]

I knew that. I knew how horrifying the Status of that Dragon was. Well, I did
directly sense it back in the future world-line, didn't I?

Even then, I still smiled. "I thought creating an entertaining scenario was
the duty of the Dokkaebi? You should just get ready to start the broadcast,
instead."

As if she was reacting to my words, Biyoo popped up in the air with a well-
timed 'ta-da\!'

\[Baat\!\]

\[Many Constellations are astonished by your choice.\]

\[A small number of Constellations believe that you're insane.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is cackling away.\]

\[Sponsorship community's big whale has sponsored 300,000 Coins for your
ambitious spirit.\]

As expected, thanks to the enormity of the situation, the incoming sponsorship
amount proved to be rather sizeable, too.

The Great Dokkaebi glared at me with unreadable eyes for a little bit, before
slowly vanishing from the view.

\[You shall regret this decision.\]

Their figures scattered like smoke. And with that, the certain method to save
every one of my companions had vanished alongside them, as well.

\[...Your decisiveness always surprises me.\]

Even Surya seemed to be impressed by my decision this time.

I looked at the unconscious Gabriel within my arms.

Han Sooyoung, looking at her, asked me a question. "Kim Dokja."

"What now? What? What do you want."

"...You thought about this long and hard before answering, right? It's not
because of some cheap sympathy or a momentary rush of blood or something,
right?"

I nodded my head.

"...In that case, fine."

A faint trace of resentment could be felt from her tone of voice.

I spoke. "It's okay for you to get angry. I did reject an incredible
opportunity just now, after all."

"..."

"However, by not doing that..."

"Yeah, well, sure. You have your reasons. Honestly, I knew you'd say no,
anyway."

"What? Why?"

Han Sooyoung's sigh-filled replies were followed up by Yoo Joonghyuk. "Because
that's how you operate, you fool."

Looking at him glaring back at me with his usual eyes, I instantly realized
what these two had to give up for my sake.

Right. This was how I lived my life. And it was not how Han Sooyoung or Yoo
Joonghyuk lived theirs.

"...Sure, this type of method does suit the stupid Story of <Kim Dokja's
Company> the best. I'm definitely recording today's events in my memoir later.
Obviously, after surviving this place, that is."

"You better worry about what to do next, instead."

Han Sooyoung and Yoo Joonghyuk, two very different people.

I realized something just then. I managed to get this far because these two
lived on their own terms  respected my decisions in their own ways.

I began thinking; with these two around, maybe not all hope was lost, after
all.

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 96\]

Sparks were still flying around in the sky. The battle taking place inside
that grey sphere should be winding down by now. The Good and Evil, planning to
survive by driving this world to destruction, would soon reveal themselves
from there.

Han Sooyoung asked. "Are we going to stop that?"

Yoo Joonghyuk shook his head. "It's impossible to breach that sphere from the
outside."

"What then?"

"We can't stop the Chaos Points from reaching the 100 mark. The Apocalypse
Dragon will revive. And with that, the 'First Tail-Flick' will begin."

The First Tail-Flick.

It seemed that Yoo Joonghyuk knew about that Calamity. I recalled the prophecy
of the Apocalypse Dragon appearing within the 'Ways of Survival'.

From the center of the hottest Hell, a Dragon with seven heads and ten horns
will awaken.

It will be a Dragon among Dragons. A leader of all Dragons born within the
center of Chaos, and the world's oldest hatred.

The Dragon will look at the heavens and the earth once, before flicking its
tail. That single tail-flick will cause stars to fall, and one direction of
the world to vanish.

Back in the 1863rd turn, I didn't get to witness that 'Tail-flick'. Back then,
the Apocalypse Dragon wasn't in the fully-revived state. However, things would
be different this time around.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke in a resolute tone of voice. "We have no other choice but
to fight it head-on."

"Fuck... I knew you'd say something like that."

Han Sooyoung sounded resigned in her reply.

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 98\]

Only two more points remained in the Chaos Points.

I saw my companions rush over here from the distance.

"Ahjussi\!"

"Dokja hyung\!"

I saw Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung, and Lee Jihye leading the battleship as
well as Jung Heewon. Uriel was accompanying them, her expression complicated.

She saw Gabriel in my arms and was taken greatly by surprise.

\[...Gabriel\!\!\]

I handed the wounded Archangel over to her. I quickly looked at my companions
first as there wasn't a lot of time for a detailed explanation.

"Ahjussi, is the Apocalypse Dragon really going to wake up?"

I nodded my head.

As if to instil discipline, Han Sooyoung began shouting out. "You all better
be ready for this. This isn't going to be a picnic."

"When was it ever?"

Along with Lee Jihye's reply, the companions quickly finished with the
preparations.

Everyone... Han Sooyoung, Yoo Joonghyuk, Shin Yoosung, Lee Gilyoung, Jung
Heewon, and Lee Jihye, all carried a hardened, determined expression.

Finally, I shifted my gaze over to the face of the still-unconscious Lee
Hyunsung.

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 99\]

And then, the Apocalypse Dragon's imminent revival drew near.

\[Many Constellations are in a state of terror\!\]

\[Constellations of <Star Stream> have fallen into a chaotic state.\]

\[Nebula, <Olympus>, is getting ready for the Calamity\!\]

\[Nebula, <Vedas>, is getting ready for the Calamity\!\]

\[Nebula, <Hongik>, is...\]

Ku-gugugugu\!

Something from deep within the island writhed, causing the heaven and earth to
shake violently. It felt as if everything was now enveloped within a gigantic
flap of a wing; the surrounding view felt like it was precariously hanging on
as if it was an ill-fitting block. Smaller Stories had already started
breaking down bit by bit.

As if it wanted to deprive the names of all 'calamities' that had existed so
far, an enormous Story began waking up.

"Kim Dokja. The ones at most peril when the Apocalypse Dragon awakens are the
Constellations."

"According to the prophecy, that's right."

"And you're a Constellation."

The First Tail-Flick would destroy a direction in the sky. Simply put, all the
stars and the contexts for the Modifiers found within the applicable location
would be destroyed.

Han Sooyoung began smirking. "Hey, Kim Dokja, which direction were you, again?
East? Or was it the west? If you are unlucky, I guess you'll be the first one
to die?"

"That could be true. So, I might as well pray for my survival before I die."

"...What bullshit are you spewing now? Wait, are you and the Apocalypse Dragon
acquaintances?"

Although her tone of voice wasn't exactly nice, Han Sooyoung's eyes were
sparkling brightly, nonetheless.

I decided to satisfy her expectations somewhat. "You see, the 'Apocalypse
Dragon' isn't actually referring to a 'specific Dragon'. Just like how the
Oldest Good or the Oldest Evil doesn't refer to any specific Constellations,
the 'Final Dragon of the Book of Revelation' simply refers to the Giant Story
itself."

"Hang on. Doesn't that mean..."

"At this point in time, it's not been decided on 'who shall become the
Apocalypse Dragon'."

Han Sooyoung's jaw fell ever so slightly.

\[Current Chaos Points: 100\]

\[Chaos Points have reached the limit\!\]

Along with the chilling sensation travelling down my back, the whole world
began to dye in the jet-black colour.

The threatening aura breaking out from beneath the surface began encroaching
into the entire island.

\[From the hottest Hell, the 'Demonic Dragon Palace' is opening its doors\!\]

Blinding rays of light exploded out and the surrounding space shattered away.
Giant shadows began appearing from there.

After excluding the Outer God-level beings, there were still other monsters in
this world that managed to get near the powers of Constellations or
Transcendents.

The peak of all types of monsters in the world...

Guh-ohohoooooh\!\!

A Dragon's Roar, capable of freezing up the listener's body, resounded out.
Shadows of the ruined cities seemed to fleet by, as the ancient Dragon Kings
that had been forgotten under the lengthy period of time began waking up.

\[Kuwaaaahk\!\!\]

Constellations struck by the Dragons' Breaths screamed as they turned to ash.
Hundreds of draconic shadows blanketed the sky; the Constellations of the
<Star Stream> freaked out as they were subjected to the ripples from the vast
Statuses.

Every single one of them was a Dragon King, equal to the power of a
Constellation.

All these countless Dragons had shown up here, hoping to be selected as the
lone Apocalypse Dragon tasked with destroying this world.

\[Giant Story, 'Final Dragon of the Book of Revelation', has begun its
storytelling.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Final Dragon of the Book of Revelation', has begun selecting
the Dragon of Calamity.\]

I looked up at that overwhelming spectacle and spoke. "We have a Dragon among
us, don't we?"

Shin Yoosung looked at me after hearing me speak. There was a Dragon with
thick metal armour covering its entire figure sitting next to her.

1st-grade Dragon King, Chimera Dragon.

Thanks to Shin Yoosung's diligent care, it had become strong enough not to get
pushed around by any regular Constellations.

A Dragon that was born in the Demon Realm's Paradise, loudly roared into the
heavens above.

Han Sooyoung watched it fly up into the sky and asked me a question. "You
really think that guy will become the 'king'?"

I shook my head. Sure, the Chimera Dragon possessed an unbelievable rate of
growth, but it was still too early for the creature to become a viable
candidate for the role of Apocalypse Dragon.

"Then, why are you so confid..."

"We still have one more, right?"

"What? Where..."

Han Sooyoung formed a rather dumb-looking expression.

But then, her right hand began wiggling violently as if it was responding to
something. Right in the next second, the empty sky split wide open, and the
pitch-black darkness exploded out from within.

Dozens of Dragons nearby screamed pitifully and fell down. The heavens
flickered as if the darkness had overtaken it, and black bolts of lightning
crashed down to the earth.

Through the gap of the abyss, something began revealing itself. It was a
Dragon, covered in elegant scales seemingly crafted out of pure obsidian.

A Status that other ancient Dragons couldn't even hope to match; eyes gleaming
like the reddest of rubies; every time its wings, seemingly carved out from
the darkness itself, flapped, entrancing black flames blanketed the sky.

I looked up at that lifeform possessing the beautiful, streamlined shape and
spoke. "Let's all pray that your sponsor emerges victorious."

It was the existence closest to being the Apocalypse Dragon at this point in
time.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', has incarnated into the
scenario\!\]


