### Chapter 153: Ep. 30 - Dark Castle, III

"...Were the words earlier referring to ahjussi?"

"What?"

"A new constellation in Seoul blah blah blah..."

"Ah... well. That's right."

I smiled bitterly while staring at the demons around. I was surprised to see
Lee Jihye's crisis but it seemed she had been acting too aggressively.

Demon Viscount Noslocke. This insidious guy who resembled a rhino was a demon
who ripped apart and killed countless incarnations. I knocked down a noble-
grade demon instantly, and realized how strong I had become.

Lee Jihye saw his collapsed body and muttered. "This guy was incredibly
strong... How strong are you after becoming a constellation?"

"I didn't defeat him using my own strength. I borrowed the power of another
story."

"Another story?"

\[Who...are...you...\] I looked over at Noslocke who was still breathing.

"Wait a minute."

I simply stepped down and destroyed Noslocke's head.

\[You have defeated a noble of the Demon Realm\!\]

\[10,000 coins have been acquired\!\]

\[The item 'Advanced Demon's Proof' has been acquired.\]

\[The sub-species of the Demon Realm will be afraid of you.\]

Originally, killing a demon servant would gain the attention of their 'demon
king' but this scenario was different. All demons in the Dark Castle scenario
were ones waiting for their new 'master'.

\[A few constellations are amazed by your overwhelming presence.\]

\[A considerable number of constellations are questioning your probability.\]

Certainly, the probability was questionable. My strength was currently at a
level that violated the balance of the scenario. However, it wasn't because I
was a constellation that I could easily get rid of Noslocke.

\[The story 'Messiah's Path' is partially in effect.\]

It was the 'absolute divinity' effect of Messiah's Path.

I borrowed the story which had a special effect on demons from Eden.

\[The nebula Eden is asking you to pay the 'story quotation'.\]

I drew a cross shape in the air and heard a message.

\[The nebula Eden is delighted with your narrative quotation.\]

It was annoying to do this quotation every time but it was better than
plagiarism. Furthermore, I didn't have to pay any other price for using it at
this time. It was a special service that the Eden nebula provided.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is pleased\!\]

This was all thanks to the cute Uriel. Fortunately, the 'banquet' was well
resolved.

"Ahjussi... have you become religious?" Lee Jihye laughed while breathing
roughly. Her right shoulder and abdomen had stab wounds. "I'm sorry. Doesn't
the 10th strongest person in Seoul look poor?"

"Now is your hardest time. Don't worry. You will be better in the future. Stay
still. I'm going to fix your dislocated bone now.

"Huh? Aaaaaaack\!"

I thought I should use the Ellain Forest Essence. However, I had no items
remaining in my coat subspace. I had left it to Han Sooyoung before dying.

Just before dying in the eighth scenario, I made a small contract with Han
Sooyoung and left my items with her. Then... there was only one way left.

"Dokkaebi Bag."

As soon as I opened my mouth, I saw the screen window of the Dokkaebi Bag in
front of me.

\[Some constellations are questioning the use of your natural privileges.\]

Until now, most constellations didn't know I enjoyed the benefits of the
Dokkaebi Bag because Bihyung would turn on the advertising. Now there was no
need to hide it because I was a constellation.

I immediately purchased the Ellain Forest Essence and fed it to Lee Jihye.

"O-Oof\!"

"Eat and sleep."

"...Thank you ahjussi."

"Well... Thank you for crying for me at the funeral."

"...I will faint now so don't talk to me."

Lee Jihye fell asleep. I lifted up Lee Jihye and heard a familiar voice from
behind me.

"Ahjussi...?"

I was filled with a warm sensation. I could tell the owner of the voice
without looking back.

\[Your incarnation is looking at you.\]

I wouldn't have been able to run straight here if it wasn't for this feeling.
I saw Shin Yoosung crying and thought that parents probably felt like this.

"Ahjussi\!"

I grabbed Shin Yoosung and lightly embraced her. "Was I gone long?"

"You were gone for a week..."

One week. Damn, I was resurrected later than planned.

"Let's go. I have to find the items I entrusted to someone else."

  

* * *

  

"...A week has passed. Why haven't you come yet?"

Han Sooyoung lay on the floor of Dark Castle and murmured to herself.

It was crazy to act like this in the Dark Castle seething with demon servants.
Fortunately, no demon servants came after hearing her voice. It was because
someone had already swept away the nearby demon servants while moving
upstairs.

Of course, it was all done by Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Damn protagonist jerk."

Han Sooyoung gritted her teeth.

30 minutes ago, Han Sooyoung had confronted Yoo Joonghyuk here. Then she was
disastrously defeated.

Her body ached and her head was dizzy. The demons species? They weren't the
problem. The real demon was Yoo Joonghyuk.

"You scammer. How could you use such a person... Kim Dokja."

She couldn't understand it no matter how much she thought.

In the Seoul rankings, Yoo Joonghyuk was ranked third and Han Sooyoung was
fourth. Then why was the difference so large? The reason she didn't lose her
life was because of her last-ditch words.

'Hey\! These are Kim Dokja's items\! Are you going to steal them?'

'...Why did Kim Dokja leave his things to you?'

'That... isn't it because I am the most trustworthy person?'

'Then I will kill you and take them'.

'Y-You want to kill me? What will Kim Dokja think?'

Yoo Joonghyuk thought about it for a while before finally letting her go.

'If you mention him in front of me again, I really will kill you'.

Then he headed up to the second floor. Han Sooyoung was furious when she
thought about it and screamed.

"That jerk... ahhhhhh\! Abyssal Black Flame Dragon\! Didn't you say you are the
strongest constellation? Why can't I beat him?"

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is in deep thought.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says that it isn't his
fault.\]

Han Sooyoung sighed. It was a scene where she would be misunderstood as having
multiple personalities.

"This is a big deal. That jerk brought his little sister up... it is a
development that Kim Dokja will clearly hate. The situation is like this but
where is Kim Dokja?"

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is asking about what you
mean.\]

"You're a bastard. By the way, that jerk took all my 'proofs' and I will have
to start from scratch..."

Han Sooyoung opened the scenario window.

\[Main Scenario \#9 - Demon's Proof\]

Category: Main

Difficulty level: A++

Clear Conditions: Hunt the demon species, collect nine Demon's Proofs and
place them on the altar on the 2nd floor.

Time Limit: 23 days.

Compensation: 50,000 coins

Failure: 

The demon servants were so powerful that the scenario was a bit tricky, but it
was possible to clear if the incarnations cooperated. The major forces had
already moved to the second floor.

She might be a ranker but she might be overtaken by the other rankers. The
Dark Castle compensation was excellent, meaning the ranking would change if
she delayed even a little bit.

'What should I do?'

At this time, a group of people on the other side of the corridor caught her
attention. Han Sooyoung thought this was better. She could take the proofs
from these guys...

"Han Sooyoung-ssi\!"

Han Sooyoung saw their faces and sighed.

"What the hell is this?" Someone cried out.

Han Sooyoung replied, "...I was just fighting the demon servants and was hurt.
Lee Hyunsung-ssi also entered the maze?"

"That's correct. Are you alright?"

He was the Pure Steel Lee Hyunsung.

'Why did this guy appear here?'

Kim Dokja's companion, Lee Hyunsung also came here. No matter how urgent the
situation, she couldn't take away the proofs of the main characters... eh?

"Lee Hyunsung-ssi\! Don't go over\!"

The shrill shout came from a beautiful face. The four people who appeared with
Lee Hyunsung weren't anyone Han Sooyoung knew. The woman once again shouted,
"Lee Hyunsung-ssi\! Can't you hear my words? It might be a trap\!"

"That's right\! Back off\! Come over here\!"

"But..."

Lee Hyunsung was confused as he looked between Han Sooyoung and the women.

Han Sooyoung spoke to Lee Hyunsung. "Has your party changed? Why are you
building a harem all of a sudden?"

"I split up from the party in the labyrinth..."

Lee Hyunsung looked troubled and the other women rushed at him and pulled at
his arms.

"Why are you listening to that person?"

"Those wounds don't come from fighting with demon servants. That woman is
suspicious\!"

"That's right\!"

"Hyunsung-ssi is too naive\! You shouldn't trust anyone in this world\!"

Lee Hyunsung was pulled back by the women with much difficulty.

Han Sooyoung triggered Detect Attributes. The next moment, a cruel smile
appeared on Han Sooyoung's face as she saw the names in front of her eyes.

'...What am I seeing? It is them?'

The way that people adapted to a destroyed world were different. There were
women who believed in themselves like Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye, while other
women took advantage of others. The even more interesting way...

"Lee Hyunsung, I didn't realize that you have an unusual taste?"

"Huh?"

"Don't you know they're all men?"

\[A constellations who likes to change sex is surprised\!\]

\[The constellation in love with a woman is aghast\!\]

The women shouted in astonishment at Han Sooyoung's words.

"W-What are you talking about right now?"

"Don't frame us\!"

It was impossible to think these people were men. However, Han Sooyoung knew
them. They were a group of four who used Disguise and Forbidden Charm to kill
strong rankers or the weak.

Han Sooyoung remembered the name of this group.

\[Pink Kids\].

They had the name of a girl group but they were all men in their 40s. She
spoke to them.

"Hey ahjussis, do you like disguising as young girls? Lee Hyunsung-ssi, if you
stay with them, you will be tricked and killed."

"What is this crazy bitch saying?'"

"Hyunsung-ssi, let's go\! She is a strange person\!"

Sometimes it was common in Ways of Survival to dress up as the other gender.
There were more villains in this world than Pink Kids. Thus, these men could
be rehabilitated. "Kim Dokja might've said this..."

Han Sooyoung was different from Kim Dokja.

"I have to get rid of these disgusting things."

At this rate, Lee Hyunsung would 100% be hit in the back of the head by Pink
Kids. His death would have a severe impact on the scenarios. A large number of
clones started to surround Han Sooyoung's body.

Lee Hyunsung hastily came forward. "W-What are you doing?"

She demanded, "Get lost. I'm going to kill them."

"They aren't bad people\!"

Lee Hyunsung didn't move out of the way. He didn't seem bewitched but he stood
firmly in place. If she thought about it, this was Lee Hyunsung. The Pink Kids
watched Lee Hyunsung with touched eyes.

Han Sooyoung cried out in an irritated manner, "I will kill you if you don't
get out of the way."

"Han Sooyoung-ssi. I'm aware that you are strong but please calm yourself. I'm
also confident in my strength."

"Then try it\!"

The clones ran towards Lee Hyunsung while Han Sooyoung rushed towards the Pink
Kids.

"Die perverts\!"

"You can't do this\!"

"Kyaaack\! Help us Hyunsung-ssi\!"

Lee Hyunsung triggered Steel Transformation and started to kill Han Sooyoung's
clones with tremendous strength. Han Sooyoung couldn't help sweating at the
enormous damage.

'He truly is the Steel Sword'.

She noticed that the Pink Kids were planning to run away. At this rate, she
would miss this. There was nothing good about leaving them alive when she had
already made a hostile impression.

'I will do it'.

She was forced to use a secret weapon. Han Sooyoung smiled bitterly at Lee
Hyunsung. "Do you want to see a good show?"

The next moment, Han Sooyoung's clones surrounding Lee Hyunsung took off their
clothes. Her white skin was revealed. Lee Hyunsung blushed as he covered his
eyes and collapsed.

"Waaaaahhhhh\! What is this?"

Han Sooyoung stepped on Lee Hyunsung's body and flew forward.

"It is a naked woman\!"

Han Sooyoung flew through the air and aimed her dagger at the back of the Pink
Kids running away.

"W-What are you...\!

Kuaack\!"

'Yoon Woochul. 41 years old. Operated a coin farm'.

The other member of Pink Kids screamed as he saw his dying companion.

"Shit\! We haven't done anything wrong\!"

'Hwang Mingyu. 43 years old. Trafficking and... what was it?'

Her dagger sliced over his neck. The Pink Kids' transformation was released,
revealing hairy legs.

"S-Spare me\! Spare me\!"

'Bang Takho. 39 years old. The children in the third episode... anyway\!"

In an instant, only one of the Pink Kids was left. Han Sooyoung frowned as she
saw the middle-aged person trembling with fear.

'What did this person do?'

Han Sooyoung wondered for a moment and was about to kill the last Pink Kid
when magic power flew from somewhere and blocked her dagger.

Then a clear voice was heard. "You made a mistake."

"...What?"

"You shouldn't kill this person. He is needed for my strategy."

She turned her head and sighed with relief. Han Sooyoung laughed. "You are
late, Kim Dokja."


