### Chapter 347: Ep. 65 - Good and Evil, III

The man with the imposing atmosphere was the one who confronted me last time.
He was the one who ran away from me during the last 'confinement'.

The leader of the Gyeonggi Alliance, one of the 10 Evils Cho Jinchul. In this
round, I thought that our party members had become too strong yet this guy
came back.

Jung Heewon smiled and pulled out her sword. "You?"

Despite saying this, Jung Heewon didn't relax her guard at all. It was because
she read the unusual energy flowing from Cho Jinchul's body. It was demonic
energy.

Jung Heewon's expression hardened and filled with killing intent. While
clearing Dark Castle, it was only in name but she was the one who cleared the
10th scenario by killing the 'demon king'. There was no way she couldn't know.

"You... were eaten by a demon king."

It was the aura of a demon king. The laughing Cho Jinchul already wasn't Cho
Jinchul. He was a man swallowed up by demonic energy.

\[The demon king 'Monarch of the Snake Hell' has revealed his existence.\]

Monarch of the Snake Hell. One of the Demon Realm's 72 demon kings. He was the
master of the 72nd Demon Realm, Andromalius. In addition, the other two
incarnation bodies were emitting similar energy.

\[The demon king 'Thinker of Lies and Secrets' has revealed his existence.\]

\[The demon king 'Performer of Musical Instruments' has revealed his
existence.\]

Three demon kings appeared through their own power. Even so, Jung Heewon
remained calm after knowing her opponents were demon kings.

"Is it a one-on-one fight?"

\[Of course, it will be one-on-one. Fearless incarnation.\]

Her hair raised from the true voice but Jung Heewon laughed. "Yes, I wanted to
try it one day. How great a demon king is."

There was deep anger contained in her voice. It might be Uriel's influence or
it might be the accumulated anger towards me. In any case, Jung Heewon looked
like she was doing well.

\[The fight has begun\!\]

In fact, it was a confidence I could understand. The opponents might be demon
kings but Jung Heewon didn't need to back down. In addition, there was the
state of being possessed through proxy. If she stepped back here, the
archangel's pride would be damaged.

A red light filled Jung Heewon's eyes as the Sword of Judgment moved through
the air. The trajectory of the sword moved through the air like a net. There
wasn't a chance to avoid it and Cho Jinchul's arm flew through the air.

\[You dare...\!\]

The surprised Andromalius let out a roar but Jung Heewon's sword showed no
hesitation or fear. Andromalius was baffled by the arrogant style. It was a
swordsmanship that didn't look at anything and only focused on killing. The
incarnations who only went through ordinary scenarios couldn't afford to go
against her.

Blood poured out once again as there was a deep cut on Cho Jinchul's right
thigh. The gap in skill was overwhelming. The crowd's mouths dropped open and
the party members felt admiration. This was the real power of the Judge of
Evil, Jung Heewon.

\[The character 'Jung Heewon' is preparing to activate Judgment Time\!\]

For the finish, Jung Heewon gathered her strength. It was the combination of
Judgment Time and Hell Flames Ignition. Jung Heewon was trying to press this
'Representative Exhibition' with overwhelming force.

However, at the same time, Andromalius increased his synchronization rate with
Cho Jinchul and started the descent in earnest. Cho Jinchul's cut off arm
soared up with demonic energy and the injury restored with magic power. This
was the power of the 72nd demon king.

\[Your tricks end here.\]

A fist struck Jung Heewon's blade like a lightning bolt. The Sword of Judgment
shook and Jung Heewon immediately took a few steps back. Cho Jinchul pursued
Jung Heewon and continued to attack.

Andromalius prepared for damage to his probability and incarnation body as he
increased the synchronization rate.

A threatening power emerged from Cho Jinchul's body. No matter how strong Jung
Heewon was, she couldn't fight against a demon king by herself without Uriel.
In the end, Jung Heewon was thrown through the air from the power struggle.

"Keuk, dammit...\!"

I couldn't understand the situation. To be exact, it was strange that
Andromalius made such a choice.

Not all demon kings were in the same class. By doing this, the scales of
probability would move and Archangel Uriel would be able to intervene. Once
she came, the demon kings would turn into ash in the blink of an eye.
Nevertheless, the fact that they were earnestly dealing with Jung Heewon
showed they had something they believed in.

\[The activation of Judgment Time has been forcibly cancelled.\]

The thing they believed in was quickly revealed.

"...Uriel?"

Uriel didn't respond and Judgment Time and Hell Flames Ignition weren't
activated properly. Putting aside Hell Flames Ignition, it was strange that
Judgment Time wasn't activated. Something was wrong with Uriel and the other
constellations of the absolute good system.

...Don't tell me? At this moment, I understood how the story was flowing. I
understood why the demon kings suddenly made such a move and why they visited
my 'demon realm' at this time. Everything suddenly made sense.

Kyrgios floated in the air and was looking at me. I gazed back at him. I
didn't move despite being able to intervene at any time due to him. Then
Kyrgios spoke to me.

You should do it.

I shook my head. It wasn't time yet. If possible, I didn't want to reveal my
strength too early. It could backfire if I revealed my power just to win this.
Kyrgios opened his mouth.

This will happen frequently in the future unless you demonstrate your
strength.

Maybe he was right. The current Kim Dokja's Company was rising and the demon
kings had come to dampen the momentum of our nebula.

If we didn't show our strength now, our nebula would seem shallow to other
constellations.

I sighed and looked up at the air where Bihyung was laughing.

He looked like he knew the scenario would turn out this way from the
beginning. Maybe Bihyung had been calculating many things. It was why he only
opened this scenario after I woke up. Really, he was a damn dokkaebi.

Go ahead. Show me the status of a demon king.

I jumped out of the Factory onto the battlefield. There was a sound of
surprise from the party members as I grabbed Jung Heewon's shoulder from
behind.

"Heewon-ssi."

"...Dokja-ssi?"

"You don't have to fight here. I'm not stopping you because you are weak."

I went forward with Jung Heewon behind me.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is opening his 'status'.\]

The three demon kings were watching me. I used my true voice.

\[All demon kings. Did you choose the wrong playground? I'm sure you have
something to say to me

but say it and get out of here.\]

Andromalius' face distorted at my true voice.

\[Cheeky guy.\]

\[Do you know why we came?\]

I nodded. The reason the demon kings came here was obvious. Since Earth's
incarnations had exceeded the 60th scenario, it was time for the event to be
held. Perhaps these guys had come to invite me.

The fact that Jung Heewon couldn't use Uriel's power was related to this. The
demon kings giggled as if everything so far was just amusement.

\[Be honoured that your elders have personally visited you.\]

\[Come with us. We have to prepare right now. We'll be leaving straight
away.\]

I smiled and nodded.

\[You came here to pick me up and I should go. By the way...\]

I looked back at Jung Heewon, who was wiping her bloody nose, and the party
members supporting her. They hadn't sufficiently rested from the aftermath of
Gigantomachia.

\[I think it will be hard to just send you away.\]

\[What bullshit is that?\]

\[If you are a demon king, you should be worthy. Isn't that right?\]

\[The nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company' is requesting a representative change.\]

\[The demon king 'Demon King of Salvation' has become the new representative.

The demon kings realized my intentions and were astonished.

\[You want to fight us now? You... do you know what happens when a demon king
and demon king fight?\]

\[I know very well.\]

I looked at each of the demon kings and answered.

\[The demon king 'Demon King of Salvation' has applied for a demon king
promotion.\]

A demon king promotion. It was a fierce duel between demon kings who competed
for rankings and honour.

\[A promotion\! Are you crazy?\]

It might be true. Whether it was demon king or constellation, I was tired of
being dragged around by these bastards.

\[Do you agree or not? They're watching.\]

\[The demon king 'Immeasurable Austerity' is interested in the battle between
the low-grade ones.\]

\[The demon king 'Duke of Everywhere' says this is a premature fight.\]

\[The demon king 'Monarch of Stars and Logic' is pointing out the spelling of
the 'Duke of Everywhere'.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is making an interested
expression.\]

Countless demon kings were watching the confrontation. I was the 73rd demon
king, the lowest of the demon kings. It would be embarrassing if they refused
my challenge.

The three demon kings would be formidable but I wasn't afraid at all. Rather,
I was composed as I watched them.

 Maybe Yoo Joonghyuk also felt like this. 

Andromalius made a humiliated expression as he opened his mouth.

\[...I accept the challenge.\]

However, I shook my head.

\[You are out. I'm not applying for you.\]

\[What?\]

\[Andromalius, you are the 72nd ranked.\]

I pointed to another demon king behind him.

\[I am applying for the 67th demon king, Performer of Musical Instruments
Amdusias.\]

If I was going to fight then it was better to kill the guy with the higher
ranking. Andromalius' face turned red at my words and he rushed over. The fist
that contained the formidable stories of the 72nd Demon Realm flew towards me.

\[Giant Story 'Snake That Crouches for 1,000 years' has begun\!\]

Clearly, their low ranking didn't mean they had bad stories when they had
lived for a long time.

Nevertheless, they didn't know. I have lived a much shorter history than them
but it was also much fiercer.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has started the story.\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is revealing its crouching
teeth.\]

The next moment, blue-white lightning filled the area. It was Electrification
through Bookmark. The blue-white magic power was astounding. A faint smile was
seen on Kyrgios' face.

\[There isn't a big gap between the character and your level.\]

\[Your understanding of the character has greatly enhanced your skills\!\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Electrification Lv. 23 \(+13\)' is activated.\]

It was a real hassle to use Electrification without Miniaturization.

\[Your current body configuration is different from that of the character.\]

\[Your status has overcome the penalty of the physical conditions.\]

Andromalius' fist stopped in front of my nose. He stared at me with
astonishment before his eyes shifted to his stomach. Half of his body was
gone.

I pulled my sword out of his body and declared. \[First, the 72nd place.\]


