### Chapter 218: Ep. 41 - Real Revolutionary, IV

The pistons of the cylinders installed on the Factory moved wildly while the
grinder roared. The story fragments that weren't digested popped out from the
surface like screws. It was evidence that this Factory wasn't a finished
product.

The duke slightly frowned as he saw the unstable exterior of the smoking
Factory. 'It isn't at a bad level yet'.

The Factory. Everyone in the Demon Realm had a similar story, even if they
were a grand duke. Of course, the power of each Factory varied but Syswitz'
Factory was unique.

'It was worthwhile going to the Underworld'.

A body height of 40 meters. The Factory that resembled a giant was based off
the Giant Soldier of the Underworld. It was a weapon that he barely managed to
get a look at by bribing one of the judges of the Underworld. Of course, the
duke's Factory was only a clone with an inferior output compared to the giant
soldier.

'I can't be satisfied with this degree...'

The Factory let out a harsh sound as if to express the duke's disappointment.
The blades of the grinder struck the ground. Dust filled the area as dozens of
civilian buildings collapsed. Just like a child breaking a hand-crafted toy,
the duke relentlessly broke them.

\[Very few constellations are delighted at the exciting destruction\!\]

\[Some constellations are pointing to the fleeing citizens\!\]

It was a long story. The history of the Syswitz Industrial Complex had
accumulated over countless years. Even so, there was no hesitation in the
duke's behaviour.

"Kuaaack\!"

The duke picked up the stories that were blown out of the grinder and thought.
'It is an offering to proceed with a bigger story'.

400 years. A time when a dynasty was born and collapsed. During that time,
Syswitz was the dictator here.

He once loved everything in this industrial complex. He was sometimes a wise
ruler and sometimes a tyrant. He tried to elevate the happiness of the
citizens through a gentle reign and he slaughtered them through oppression and
tyranny. He was happy, sad or sometimes interested.

Then one day, the duke had only one emotion left. 'I'm tired'.

After going on a field trip to Olympus and the Underworld, his thoughts became
even stronger.

'Why should I be eating these stories?'

He never forgot the lavish dinner that was served at the dining table of the
queen of the Underworld.

A sword master of another world, a great sage, a 9th circle great magician...

Syswitz ate the finely cooked story pieces and was truly amazed. Oh my god,
this taste. He had a soulless expression as he enjoyed the tastes that burst
in his mouth.

I see that you're pretty good at eating.

Syswitz came to his senses and noticed that Persephone never touched the food
in front of her. Persephone stared at the stories that were ravenously
scattered on his plate like they were terrible food. Syswitz couldn't forget
the disgrace he felt at that moment.

'I will go to the next scenario'.

Bigger stories. Bigger stimuli. Then he would gain a bigger power.

'I will become a demon king. I will live by eating huge stories that are far
superior to those fucking guys'.

For that dream, it meant nothing to discard this trivial industrial complex.

\[...What revolution?\]

His voice trembled and the whole industrial complex shook.

\[Look, there is no such thing as a revolution\! It is just the roleplay of
the scenario\!\]

It was a tone that mocked all citizens.

\[A play that has been repeated over and over for 400 years. You are fighting
for such a foolish thing\!\]

Syswitz shouted despite also being part of the scenario. He felt like he could
move onto the next stage.

'I can do it'.

It seemed successful to some extent. Duke Syswitz felt a sense of liberation
as numerous constellation focused their gazes on him. A peripheral pleasure
obtained from denying oneself. Syswitz felt like he was the center of the
whole world for the first time. By the way...

"Do you really think so?" Someone cried out.

  

* * *

  

Of course, it was me.

 You... 

...Damn. The problem was that I heard his inner thoughts too well.

\[The character 'Demon Duke Syswitz' is overwhelmed by his delusions.\]

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' stage 2 has been
strongly activated\!\]

The thoughts of the duke randomly poured in. It was like looking at his naked
self. To a certain extent, even those who didn't use Omniscient Reader's
Viewpoint could feel it.

\[The constellation Nail-Eating Rat's hands and feel are curling up from the
duke's words and deeds.\]

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' says he is okay because he
doesn't have hands or feet.\]

These guys were even laughing. The duke didn't know the situation and smiled
at me. \[Fake revolutionary.\]

"Who is fake?"

I activated Bookmark and Way of the Wind before running forward. A giant blow
narrowly passed by me. A crater occurred in the place where the grinder passed
like a bomb had gone off.

...This level was enough to hit a historical-grade constellation? It was a power
that I couldn't endure in this damn incarnation body. This was the power of a
story weapon. It made non-constellations a match for constellations.

Furthermore, Duke Syswitz might not be a constellation but he was d demon had
historical-grade stories comparable to historical-grade constellations.

The bombs from the grinder swept through the industrial complex. Citizens ran
out crying as they lost their homes. They were people who lost their hometowns
and came to the Demon Realm, struggling to make a life here. The citizens who
lost their jobs were staring at me with soot-covered faces.

I looked at the citizens and had a thought. I also disliked the scenarios.
But... dammit.

 Kim Dokja thought: I hate to admit it. 

I seemed to understand why this scenario existed. I split through the air
using Way of the Wind. I instantly arrived at the head of the Factory and once
again used Electrification.

\[The durability of your incarnation body is at a dangerous level\!\]

I fainted earlier and used up the duration of Bookmark in vain. I only had 20
minutes left. A blue-white whirl of lightning emerged from my right hand and
rushed towards the Factory. The exterior of the Factory shook slightly.

\[Kuek...?\]

As expected, I lacked hitting power. My current incarnation body could only
exert a quarter of the original firepower.

\[Better than expected...\]

Moreover, the sustainability wasn't long. Nevertheless, I had to fight. I had
to defeat this guy with my own hands.

\[The constellation 'status' is released.\]

\[Your incarnation body is several damaged and only a fraction of the energy
is released.\]

It was a short time but for a moment, the Factory temporarily stopped working.
I didn't miss this gap and focused magic power on both fists.

\[This aura? You, don't tell me...\!\]

\[The Gold Dragon's Broken Heart is activated\!\]

Whenever the amount of magic power sharply decreased, the gold dragon's heart
recharged my magic power. In the ensuing battle, the Factory's hard shell
started to be peeled off. Screws popped out and story pieces flowed from the
gap.

 Kim Dokja thought: It would've been a good fight if my body was fine. 

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is watching you
anxiously.\]

I stood firmly and hit the upper part of the Factory with a fist containing
all the power of Electrification. If I knew that I would have such a hard
fight, I would've learnt more diligently from Kyrgios. Well, I guess I didn't
have talent.

\[The durability of your incarnation body is reaching its limit.\]

\[If you don't stop combat immediately, the collapse of your body will
resume.\]

My breathing was becoming worse and my fists were slowing down. The Factory
was still in good condition.

The duke spoke with delight. \[Thanks to you, the last scenario of the
industrial complex will be very sweet.\]

I knew I couldn't win. First of all, I wasn't fighting for the sake of
winning.

 Kim Dokja looked down at the citizens of the industrial complex. 

People were watching me. Some people's mouths were wide open while others had
their two hands joined together. I could also see Aileen and Mark. Each person
was different but they all had similar expressions.

 Revolutionary and fighting. 

It was enough to think this.

 There is a revolution. 

It didn't matter if it was real or fake. It had once been written that the
things people believed in had power. Just like a story became reality.

\[Your influence on the story will become more pronounced.\]

The next moment, the Factory's huge arm took my attack. My body was thrown
back by the shock wave.

\[Your fighting ability is good but you can't win. You are fake.\]

I raised my body from the broken floor. "As you said, I'm not a revolutionary.
However, there is a revolution."

\[Such a thing doesn't exist.\]

"Why do you think that? Is it because you were a 'revolutionary' at first?"

\[...\!\]

"In the end, even if a revolution occurs, the endless cycle of governance will
repeat?"

I could understand Duke Syswitz' feelings. I was well aware of the tragedy of
the 'Revolutionary Scenario'. What made a revolutionary a revolutionary?

"It is you who failed, not everyone else."

There were terrible scenarios. There were tragic scenarios. However

"There are no meaningless scenarios."

No matter how rubbish a scenario, people ended up living that scenario. They
were happy or sad. They struggled against the impossible. Someone died while
someone else saved another person.

This was the scenario of Ways of Survival that I knew. That's why I was able
to keep reading Ways of Survival.

My body became harder and harder to move. If I had followed the original
novel, I wouldn't have suffered like this.

 Yoo Joonghyuk had a thought. If he doesn't know who the revolutionary is, he
can kill them all until the revolutionary emerges. 

In the end, the Yoo Joonghyuk of the 111th regression made the worse choice.
However, I didn't want to do this. That's why I kept fighting.

The duke once again struck and in the end, my back was grazed. Towards the me
without strength, the giant hands of the Factory came again and again.

\[Your story is quite tempting. I'm going to eat you.\]

He was a person who had gone to the Underworld and tasted excellent stories.
It was natural for him to be thrilled when looking at me. As soon as the giant
hand was about to grab me, someone rushed towards me with all their power and
rolled holding me.

A familiar woman stood in the place where dust rose. "What are you doing?"

The chairman of the Civil Council, Aileen. I stood up on the wall with a
frown. "Get out of the way."

"You've done enough." Aileen didn't move. I saw her determined expression and
a corner of my heart froze. Wait a minute, surely the revolutionary...

\[Hahaha\! Where are you hiding? Self-proclaimed revolutionary\!\]

Aileen turned back after hearing the duke's voice. I realized what she was
going to do and hurriedly chased her. Just as she stood in front of the duke,
someone shouted, "The revolutionary is here\!"

It was the first time I had seen this person. He shouted while pointing at
himself.

\[Someone has made a 'revolutionary declaration'\!\]

He could've been a member of the Civil Council or a hidden citizen. I didn't
know the revolutionary's name or face. They were just a passing extra not
mentioned in Ways of Survival.

\[What...?\]

"No, I am the revolutionary\!" This time it was a woman's voice. I didn't know
these faces. The woman trembled as she shouted but nevertheless, she stood
firmly upright. This was the start as voices burst from everywhere.

\[Someone has made a 'revolutionary declaration'\!\]

\[Someone has made a 'revolutionary declaration'\!\]

Aileen and Mark were the same. It wasn't just the citizens. Many of the
incarnations hiding in the house also cried out. They held weapons while
shouting in an irresistible manner.

"I am the revolutionary\! Kill me\!"

The features of the citizens holding weapons were extremely desperate.
Numerous citizens armed with weapons advanced towards the Factory like a wave.
I was so excited that I stumbled.

 It was a sight that didn't appear in the Ways of Survival that Yoo Joonghyuk
lived. 

It was a pity. I wanted to show the 111th round Yoo Joonghyuk this sight. If
he saw this, he definitely would've made a different choice.

At this moment.

"I am the revolutionary Yoo Joonghyuk\!" Someone shouted.

"I am Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

"No, I am\!"

...What? No, wait a minute.

"I am Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

What the hell were they thinking? Now people were shouting a name instead of
'revolutionary'. There were countless Yoo Joonghyuks in the industrial
complex.

\[Someone has made a 'Yoo Joonghyuk declaration'\!\]

No... wait.

\[The Star Stream's achievement system is confused.\]

  

* * *

  

At the same time.

A man dressed in a black coat with a small doll on his shoulder arrived at an
industrial complex. The man looked at the industrial complex and muttered.
"...Is this Kim Dokja's location?"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is nodding with a faint
blush.\]


