### Chapter 504: Ep. 97 - The star that can't be seen, I

The smartphone inside my coat vibrated and emitted 'Woong, woong' noise.

This whole story began the moment he read that novel.

Texts rose above the phone. The expansive wall before me seemed uncannily
similar to the screen of this device.

From Yoo Joonghyuk's 3rd regression turn all the way to the 1863's  the wall
that, most likely, had recorded all the stories that I knew of.

Kim Dokja used to think about a certain thing back when he was working for
the QA team: 'What if I'm the only one who knows about this bug?'

"You..."

I turned around and found Han Sooyoung there. She seemed to have something to
say, but was unable to find the right words. The bandages imbued with the
Abyssal Black Flame Dragon's grace wrapped around her left hand were slowly
scattering away.

I took a close look at each of my companions. Jung Heewon was on her knees,
her visibly-shaking hands pressed to the ground, while Lee Hyunsung was
carrying the unconscious Lee Gilyoung. Lee Seolhwa and Gong Pildu were
supporting each other while exiting from the ark.

And in the distance, I spotted Jang Hayoung who had narrowly escaped from the
cabin along with our masters.

"...Ahjussi."

Shin Yoosung was looking at her hands. Rather than calling out to me, though,
her voice was much closer to a murmur directed at herself. A lone piece of
scale from the 'Chimera Dragon' rested in her palm.

Yoo Sangah approached her and placed a hand on the girl's shoulder. As her
hand felt the soft, trembling sob, Yoo Sangah wordlessly shifted her gaze over
to the exit we all escaped from.

The stars they used to know had grown dark.

My vision shook from the dizziness. I couldn't sense the gazes of the stars.
Was it because every single one of them was extinguished?

But, that couldn't be. No, this was simply because all the Great Dokkaebis had
disappeared, that's all. Every channel operated by the Bureau had received
massive impact and that caused system errors. Had to be.

He wouldn't be able to go on if he didn't believe in that.

I staggered but still managed to find my balance. The last person I spotted
was Yoo Joonghyuk. His Black Heavenly Demon Sword was currently stabbing
through the corpses of Great Dokkaebies. Stories from dead Constellations
dripped steadily from the edge of his blade.

He was staring at me with his usual expressionless face of his.

Is this the conclusion you desired?

\['The Fourth Wall' is violently shaking\!\]

\['The Fourth Wall' is activating even more strongly\!\]

My mouth opened slowly, only to be shut again.

\[Completion of the Final Scenario is imminent.\]

The ark's core I had been searching for all this time rolled around on the
ground. It was a piece of mineral emitting a brilliant yellowish hue, The
powers of countless 'Giant Stories' drifting around in this world-line were
condensed to create this hardened essence.

The \[ark's core\].

It was the source of energy for the great Story weapon, 'Final Ark'.
Destroying it would bring an end to this 99th scenario and conclude our
battle.

\[The completion of <Star Stream>'s final Story is around the corner\!\]

Tsu-chuchu...\!

Suddenly, my steps came to a stop. Vines sprouted out from the ground and
wrapped around my ankles. 'Zarathustras' appeared from seemingly out of
nowhere and used restriction skills on me.

Selena Kim was avoiding my gaze as if she was apologetic about this. Soon
afterwards, I could hear the prophet's voice.

"Thanks to you, our workload has been greatly lightened, Demon King of
Salvation."

Anna Croft, already holding the ark's core, was looking in this direction.

Humanity's hero that dreams of a different conclusion to Kim Dokja.

"You shouldn't be too surprised about this. I shall be taking this core with
me."

I had already heard about the world she dreamed of.

The 'Perfect Night'. She dreamed of complete freedom from the gazes of all
Constellations, and that dream entailed migrating safely to a different world-
line along with every Incarnation from this world.

However...

"The ark is already destroyed."

"It can be rebuilt."

Anna Croft looked back at the wrecked ark. It was broken beyond salvage,
unable to be re-used ever again.

However, she didn't lose hope.

"One of the human Incarnations is proficient with crafting Story weapons.
Aileen under your care is another person capable of doing that, as well. Now
that there aren't any Myth-grade Constellations to hinder us, we..."

"Give me that core."

"...I see. There is still a 'Myth-grade Constellation' remaining, isn't there?"

Her eyes glowed in red.

The \[Eye of Great Demon\]; her power to read this world's past and future
began tying me down. She had completely awakened the power of that eye, and
currently, she enjoyed Status rivalling a decent Narrative-grade
Constellation.

The opponent of all the stars.

This was the same as the original, too. Anna Croft hated all the
Constellations in this world. And that was why she swore to use the power of
stars to destroy the stars themselves. In order to complete her night, she'd
not spare me, either.

If this story was really the same as the original, that is.

The tip of her blade pointing at me seemed to be hesitant over something.

"...It's not too late, Kim Dokja."

The event that had never happened before in the original.

I sensed Yoo Joonghyuk, standing not too far while holding the \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\]'s grip, being faintly surprised. Anna Croft lightly
sucked in her breath and began telling her story.

"I... do not know the conclusion you dream of. My \[Precognition\] can't read
that far ahead. However, I can make an educated guess. The fact that my
\[Precognition\] can't see your conclusion means that it's related to that
\[Final Wall\]. However, please consider this carefully, Kim Dokja. Consider
whether that is the best course of action for us all, for the rest of humanity
or not."

This would be her first time speaking so many words at once.

I silently listened to her.

"Isn't this enough already? You have experienced enough tragedies by now.
You've lost so much, and your most precious things have been ridiculed upon.
Even then, are you still curious about this world's 'One Single Story'? Just
for something like that, are you going to forsake the survival of the human
race?"

Every word she spoke contained desperation. Words that emphasized her justice,
while resenting mine.

And soon, that had become a Story, too. A blindingly bright Story wrapped
around 'Anna Croft' and the Zarathustras. Although not as clear or flashy as a
Constellation's, it nevertheless was indomitable and beautiful. Every facet of
the Story they had compiled together contained their unyielding belief.

The emotion that countless stars had forgotten about a long time ago. She got
this far because she hadn't forgotten her pledge.

"Kim Dokja. Please give up on your ."

"..."

"I ask of you. Please, let us head to my 'perfect night' together."

Those words caused the eyes of several Zarathustras to grow wider. That was
understandable, however. The offer she made just now was basically the same as
going against her own beliefs.

What Anna Croft said was tantamount to asking me to become the lone star that
would shine in the night of the brand new world.

Although I was thankful for the offer...

\[I'm a Constellation.\]

...I could never accept it.

Tsu-chuchuchu...

I lightly aroused my Status and the vines restricting me all fell away. And as
if to mock her goodwill, all of my Stories began telling their stories.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The horn of the Demon King grew up on my head, and...

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is howling out\!\]

The Unbroken Faith that slew gods viciously cried out, and...

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is looking at the world of
humans.\]

Wings I received by betraying the Archangel spread out next. Then...

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', is mocking <Star Stream>.\]

The ominous and evil aura of Chaos enveloped my entire body.

Anna Croft's eyes were trembling uncontrollably. They shifted around urgently
as if to find any remaining trace of humanity from my appearance.

However, there was this thing that we both knew. How could you call an
existence a regular human when you had to search so hard to find his humanity?

"...In the end, you're the same, is that it? Demon King of Salvation."

Deep anguish was thickly pervading her murmurs. Rather than a calm revelation
of the truth, her voice contained her determination over a certain something,
instead.

"I shall kill you right here."

Stupendous Status began flooding out from Anna Croft's figure. I already knew
that she had been conserving her strength while getting this far.

"Even if you're a 'Myth-grade Constellation', you can't stop me with your
current physical condition. Besides, your companions don't seem to be in their
right frame of minds, so I..."

Jung Heewon, Lee Hyunsung, Lee Gilyoung, and even Shin Yoosung, too. They
still hadn't recovered themselves yet, it seemed. Even Han Sooyoung was
wordlessly staring at me. Her eyes, the ones that always trusted in me, were
shaking for the first time ever.

Perhaps it was inevitable. They had witnessed their sponsors getting
slaughtered right before their own eyes, after all.

"Let's end it here."

A dozen or so Zarathustras all dashed towards Yoo Joonghyuk in an instant. And
right next second, Anna Croft approached me like a streak of light, her dagger
stabbing towards my neck.

I calmly watched the tip of that blade, before opening my mouth.

\[Enough with your pranks, Loki.\]

Along with those words, Anna Croft's movement froze up.

I lightly raised my finger and brushed her dagger aside.

Looking clearly astonished, she muttered out in sheer confusion next.

"W-what is the meaning of...??"

\[Constellation that likes changing gender is cackling away.\]

"Loki, you\! This is not what you promi...\!"

A massive amount of Status bore down on Anna Croft and the Zarathustras. The
so-called Constellation that liked changing gender, the final star of
<Asgard>, 'Loki' was now standing there.

Not one among the Zarathustras could resist his power. Because it was
precisely him who freed them from the <Asgard>'s control.

"But, I'm doing this for humani...\!"

Those were Anna Croft's last words before she passed out. The core fell out
from her hand and rolled on the ground towards my feet. I bent down and picked
it up.

\[It's really been entertaining, Demon King of Salvation.\]

I straightened my back to discover a man standing before me  a man with green
hair and a mischievous smile.

\[Constellation, 'One Who Changes His Existence', is looking at you.\]

The One Who Changes His Existence. One of the highest-ranked Constellations in
<Asgard>, Loki.

Also, a Constellation who helped us many times during our journey up to this
point, someone with an agenda that we couldn't figure out before.

He had safely escaped from the Apocalypse Dragon's calamity and chased after
us.

"Thanks for your help."

\[The conclusion to this world is literally right before us, so I can't afford
to let that go to waste because of a measly little human... Besides all that.
There isn't anyone left for you to frighten here, so why don't you undo that
scary appearance of yours?\]

I dismissed my horn and the wings, then spoke up.

"Why don't you reveal your true self as well?"

\[What do you mean?\]

"I thought we both tacitly agreed to drop the pretence?"

My words caused Yoo Joonghyuk observing the situation to address me.

 Kim Dokja.

 Your suspicions are correct.

I glared at Loki.

The Constellation, 'One Who Changes His Existence'. If my thoughts were
correct, then this guy was no 'Constellation'.

\[Constellation, 'One Who Changes His Existence', is revealing his true
identity\!\]

\[Constellation,  his  ??identy??'...\]

Blinding light blanketed Loki, then his silhouette began changing next. His
height shrunk down a little, and creases on his face rapidly increased in
number. And eventually, two large growths ballooned out with his cheeks as the
middle.

The existence capable of exploiting the <Star Stream>'s bug at will. The
irreconcilable enemy of every Dokkaebi in the world, and the founder of the
'Seekers of Apocalypse'.

I had encountered this being once before.

Back in the Journey to the West's Tongtian river, he opposed the Great
Dokkabies trying to obstruct me in my stead.

His lips distorted slightly to form an insidious grin.

\[That's right. You people aren't the only ones dreaming of <Star Stream>'s
end.\]

"...The Wenny King."

Having discovered the creature's true identity, Yoo Joonghyuk unhesitantly
unsheathed the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\].

\[Why don't you put that thing away. I have no thoughts of fighting you.\] The
Wenny King playfully waved his hands about and continued on. \[What I wish to
see is only one thing. The unknown 'something' found beyond this Final Wall
that you've been searching for. That's all. And also...\]

Go-ooooooh\!

\[I don't think now isn't the time for you folks to worry about me.\]

The moment I looked back, someone angrily grabbed hold of my collars. Lee
Jihye's face was pressing right up to mine. Stories of rage and resentment
leaking out from her entire Incarnation Body was pounding down hard on my
body.

"...Ahjussi. What the hell is this? Huh? Was this a part of your plan, too?"

The spirit of the ocean that used to permeate her could no longer be felt.
That gentle scent of saltiness wafting in when I first met her back in the
subway could no longer be picked up.

"Kim Dokja\!"

Lee Jihye was crying as she shook me around. No one tried to stop her. Not Yoo
Sangah, not Jung Heewon, not even Shin Yoosung. Everyone's head was lowered,
their eyes fixed to the ground.

And Kim Dokja understood their feelings.

All of their resentment was my burden to carry.

However, there was someone who didn't think that way.

"Lee Jihye."

It was Han Sooyoung.

"Let me go\!"

Lee Jihye's reaction to Han Sooyoung's hand grabbing her shoulder was vicious,
to say the least. However, the latter didn't let go. Her dogged hand swept
back Lee Jihye's bangs, wiped the thick teardrops away, then she continued
with what she wanted to say.

"The Black Flame Dragon, Uriel, the Maritime War God, they are not dead yet."

"How, how do you know that??"

"I can sense them. It's really faint, but I can definitely feel they are still
alive. Also..."

Her voice sounded cold yet caring, to the point and didn't waver once. Only
Han Sooyoung could have spoken in such a voice.

"Wipe your tears away and take a good look. Look at the state of the bastard
you're choking right now."

The stupefied-looking Lee Jihye had dropped her head, only to raise it back up
again. And for a very long time, she hesitated and stared at me. I didn't try
to avoid that gaze.

"But, why...?" Lee Jihye's voice was trembling. "Why are you crying too,
ahjussi...?"

Her hands grabbing hold of my collars let go. Han Sooyoung quickly seized that
opening to dig in and punched me in the face.

"Get your shit together, you idiot\! Now, give us a proper explanation\! You
probably didn't come here without a concrete plan, right?"

If one were to flip her words around, then she was threatening to really kill
me if I caused such an event without thinking too much about it.

She continued with her questioning. "There is a way to save our Sponsors,
right? Right...??"

There was no such method.

Lights from many, many Constellations were turned off in the <Star Stream>'s
pitch-black night sky. However, you'd still be able to spot a few that
flickered away when taking a closer look. They were stars with lights faintly
discernible only after staring at them for a very long time.

Kim Dokja hated the Constellations. He had never forgotten that emotion, not
even for a second.

"...Right. I..."

However, this world's scenario managed to change such a Kim Dokja.

I looked at the \[Final Wall\]. The wall where all the 'Stories' were recorded
on.

The wall that existed solely to record the 'One Single Story' that all the
Dokkaebis longed for.

"But, it might be too late now."

All this tragedy existed to be recorded on that wall.

No, hang on. Maybe it was the opposite.

All these events happened because 'it was already recorded on that wall'.

"However, it's also possible."

Changing what happened already was impossible. It should not be possible to
revive those whose souls had been extinguished, and get rid of the pain as if
nothing happened. Indeed, it shouldn't be possible at all to save a world-line
that had been destroyed already.

Because the damn Probability of this world wouldn't permit that. Because such
a story would be the same as the 'squared circle' Han Sooyoung mentioned
earlier.

However, what if such a thing was possible...?

What if a 'wall' that could bring the 'squared circle' to reality existed in
this world?

I squeezed the core gripped in my hand tightly.

\[Main Scenario \#99  'Enemy of the Story' has been cleared\!\]

\[Calculation for the completion reward has begun.\]

\[Currently, no Great Dokkaebis exist to take the role of calculating the
reward.\]

\[Reward calculation is being delayed.\]

...

...

...

\[You have earned the qualification to meet the 'King of Stories'.\]

The blinding wall opened its jaw for us.


