### Chapter 501: Ep. 96 - Demon-like Judge of Fire, I

\[You have forcefully entered the 'Final Ark'\!\]

Jung Heewon was greeted by the swarm of Constellations as soon as finding
herself inside the ark.

\[You have entered the 'Hot Naraka'\!\]

She couldn't make heads nor tails of what on earth was going on here.

"...Why did it have to be hell, of all places? Did I commit a lot of sin in my
past life?"

There was no mistaking the fact that the enemies before her eyes were aiming
for her life, though. Jung Heewon discovered the pot-bellied but emaciated
'starving ghosts' tripping over each other and rushing towards her like
falling mountains, and urgently shouted out.

"Uriel\!\!"

There was no reply. But Uriel's blessing was still permeating within her. As
white wings grew out from Jung Heewon's back, crimson corona permeated within
her entire frame.

\['Hour of Judgement' is activating\!\]

The moment she swung her sword, the swarm of starving ghosts before were
completely swept away.

\[Evil-leaning Constellations have picked up your scent.\]

Enemies rushed in without an end. The ones found in this Hot Naraka seemed
to be parasitic creatures of other worldviews.

Fortunately, she wasn't alone in this place.

"Heewon-ssi\!"

Lee Hyunsung hurriedly ran up to her location from somewhere and stood back-
to-back with her.

"I guess you've committed a lot of wrong yourself, Hyunsung-ssi."

\[Demon King, 'Ruler of Crimson Fog', is glaring at you\!\]

\[Demon King, 'Monstrous Armed Duke', is revealing its animosity towards
you\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Hell's Parasite', is observing you\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Flame of Muspelheim', is patiently waiting.\]

Their magical energy would eventually run out trying to fend off all these
starving ghosts. Not only that, hell's Constellations and Demon Kings were
waiting for an opening to strike, as well.

"Behind you\!"

Before they realized it, a swarm of starving ghosts sneaked closer from her
rear and pounced with their large maws wide open. However, a cannon shell
aiming at these creatures flew in from somewhere and blew them away.

"Heewon eonni\!"

It was from Lee Jihye's battleship. Jung Heewon's complexion brightened as she
shouted out.

"Are the kids with you?"

"I think they were dropped somewhere near Sangah and Seolhwa eonni's
vicinity\! As for Pildu ahjussi-\!"

"We don't have the time to worry about him, too\!"

Gyaaaaaaahk\!

More and more of hell's denizens appeared. The demon counts they fought back
in the \[Dark Castle\], and duke-level demons they encountered back in the
\[Demon Realm\] also began making their appearances, as well.

Every one of them had become a part of this hell, to be used as subjects for
the next scenario.

"An Archangel\!\!"

"Kill them, and we can also acquire the positions of Demon Kings\!"

Lee Jihye's bombardment towards them commenced. All the cannons in the
\[Turtle Dragon\] spat out flames, causing the hell's terrain to transform and
lava to spew out uncontrollably. Demons struck by the bits and lumps of lava
all melted down, but their numbers didn't seem to decrease at all.

\[Applicable worldview is a domain ruled by 'Evil'.\]

Individuals thought to be dead were rising back up again a few minutes later.
The spooked Lee Jihye hurriedly shouted out.

"General-nim\!\! Where are you?\! Why aren't any Constellations showing up
here??"

Unfortunately, no Constellation replied to her calling. Not even Uriel,
Maritime War God, nor the 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung...

They now had to rely only on their own strength to fight.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

It was then, sparks began dancing in the air.

\[Ba-aaaht\!\]

A roundish portal opened up and Biyoo popped out from there.

"Biyoo\!\!"

She used to be no bigger than a soccer ball, but now she had grown so big that
it was difficult to wrap one's arms around her.

All Dokkaebis grow up by eating Stories.

Biyoo yelled out 'Baaaaht\!' and curled up as powerful sparks exploded out
from her figure. Those dancing sparks then tore open a wall of the cabin.

Dududududu\!

Shells burst out of the automated turrets emerging from the torn-open wall.

"Are you alright\!?"

Gong Pildu's 'moving castle' was there. His \[Armed Fortress\] now boasted a
scale of a complete battle-ready castle after his Stigma had evolved once
more. And on top of this fortress were Yoo Sangah, Lee Seolhwa, as well as the
two kids.

"Eonni\! Ahjussi\! Come up this way\!"

Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung grabbed Lee Seolhwa's offered hands and jumped up
towards the top of the fortress.

Meanwhile, Lee Jihye's longsword gleamed dangerously towards the starving
ghosts madly chasing after them by climbing up on the fortress's walls.

In a world where no light from the stars could illuminate them, the members
of <Kim Dokja's Company> rescued their own by themselves.

"Let's get started."

Through the authority of the \[Lotus Pedestal\], Yoo Sangah began restricting
the enemies' movements; in the meantime, Lee Jihye and Gong Pildu continued to
fire away.

The \[Chimera Dragon\] sat on the far edge of the fortress and fired its
Breath at the Constellations approaching from the air. As for the enemies that
managed to break through this pandemonium and climb up successfully, they were
greeted by Jung Heewon's falling sword strikes.

Lee Hyunsung's \[Steel Transformation\] protected the skins of his companions,
while Lee Seolhwa treated him as he got injured instead of them.

This combination had been dreamed up by a certain person a long time ago.

However, there was one boy who didn't appear in the original story.

"Aaaaaaah\!"

\['Wall that Divides Good and Evil' is exercising its authority\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Ruler of the Deepest Pit' is bringing its own
subordinates\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchu...\!

A pitch-black swarm of locusts rushed in and blanketed the skies of hell.
These creatures latched onto the Incarnation Bodies of the demons reviving
from their deaths and began tearing into them.

\[Aaaaahk\!\!\!\]

Demons cried out in despair as they fell into the eternal cycle of their
regenerating flesh painfully getting ripped apart and devoured repeatedly.

Jung Heewon's eyes shone in the light of hope as she observed the strengths of
the starving ghosts declining gradually. The one-sidedly disadvantageous
battle situation was slowly but surely turning on its head. Although
destroying this 'Hot Naraka' would still be asking for too much, at the least,
buying enough time seemed quite possible.

The only problem right now had to do with the Constellations that hadn't
joined the battle yet.

Tsu-chuchuchu...\!

It was then, the stars filling up the skies of this hellish landscape suddenly
began moving towards a certain direction. Constellations pounded on the
interior wall of the 'Hot Naraka' and destroyed it before streaming outside
through there.

Once the lights from the Constellations disappeared, the balance of the
worldview also collapsed as well. The starving ghosts could no longer recover
and sunk back inside the abyss of hell itself.

The companions finally got to take a breather and stared at each other.

"...What just happened?"

Lee Seolhwa asked that question, but no one answered back.

One thing was for sure, though  an event humongous enough to make those stars
lose interest in this place was happening somewhere right now.

Everyone's gaze was fixed on Gong Pildu next. He groaned loudly and began
driving his \[Armed Fortress\].

"Fine, fine. I got it, so stop egging me on."

<Kim Dokja's Company> too followed after those stars and began moving.
Constellations flooding out from all corners of the 'Final Ark' were flying
towards a certain cabin as if they were being sucked in by a black hole.

This was their first time seeing so many stars move like that.

Even Jung Heewon, Lee Hyunsung, and Yoo Sangah, too... None could tear their
eyes away from this overwhelming spectacle of every star in the sky raining
down. It was at once beautiful, and rather chill-inducing, too.

And also, sorrowful.

By the time they abruptly woke up, they realized that all these stars were
swirling around a single star in the center. The sight of the room could be
seen through the large crack in the wall.

The \[Shindansu\] had broken past the heavens. And with that tree as their
center, Kim Dokja's stars were engaged in a bitter struggle.

\[Stop them\!\! This is our Hwangsanbeol\!\!\!\!\]

They were the Korean Peninsula's Constellations.

Kim Yoo-Shin, having lost his arm, was shouting out, and Gyebaek was swinging
his greatsword towards the Constellations.

The Bald General of Justice exterminated the enemies with his club, while Seo
Ae Il Pil strengthened the allied Constellations' Statuses by writing in mid-
air with his brush.

Joseon's number one sorcerer morphed into a gigantic tiger to fight against
Mithra and its turtle, while the Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade summoned all
of her Hwarangs to defend against the <Emperor>'s forces.

There was an unfamiliar Constellation among them, too  a star with its eyes
closed in the center of this tree. The \[Shindansu\]'s Story was bubbling up
with him as its core.

\[Constellation, 'Virtuous Wanggeom', is gathering the Probability of the
founding gods\!\]

It seemed that he was one of the Korean Peninsula's 'founding gods'.

His blessing enveloped Kim Dokja and the Korean Peninsula's Constellations,
and protected them.

"...General-nim...?"

They could also see Constellations atop the Turtle Ship, as well.

The sight of the rolling ocean, brought to reality through Stage
Transformation; that's where Lee Jihye's Constellation sponsor was.

\[Today reminds me of that day on Noryang. It's my honour to fight alongside
you, Jungyeong.\]

\[It is mine, as well.\]

The blade of menacingly-growling Cheok Jungyeong collided with Thor's hammer.
Unfortunately, the <Asgard>'s forces were simply too many for this small group
to fight against.

\[Constellation, 'Flame of Muspelheim', is summoning its greatsword\!\]

Eventually, even the Constellations coming from the same hell as Jung Heewon
began joining in, as well.

No matter how excellent both Cheok Jungyeong and Lee Sun-Shin were as
Constellations, it was still impossible for them to stop all of them.

But then, a light flashed from the \[Shindansu\], and some things began
growing on the ends of its branches. The lights then descended like ripened
fruits, containing people the companions were intimately familiar with.

"It's our great masters\!"

Powerful auras of white lightning, as well as sword-light of Breaking the Sky,
dyed the battlefield; then, Jang Hayoung and the Transcendents from Murim
began roaming the battleground as well.

They were followed by Japanese Youkai Constellations rushing in; 'Tengus'
grasping feathered fans, and 'Kappas' rose up from beneath the water  even
the subordinates of 'Yamata no Orochi' could be seen, as well.

\[You bunch of weak Incarnations dare to...\!\]

Fruits endlessly fell from the \[Shindansu\].

Among the spreading white lightning dyeing the battlefield bright, the beings
from the 6th scenario began appearing next.

"For Kim Dogeza\!"

They were 'small people' from \[Peace Land\]. Those that fought together with
them against the calamity were descending to this battlefield to help them
out.

\[Small Constellation from the small planet is pulling out its sure-kill
weapon 'Dragon Needle'.\]

Every time Constellations' swords moved, the small people died in their
droves.

"Ah, ah... Ahhhh...\!"

None of the companions could speak at the horrifying spectacle of the cabin.
And at the center of this battlefield, the brightest star on the middle of the
mountain made out of dead stars also didn't speak a word, either.

Kim Dokja on top of the destroyed 'Absolute Throne' maintained his silence.

Yoo Joonghyuk, Han Sooyoung, and Anna Croft were all fighting there. They were
giving their all to fight against Constellations while vomiting out blood,
scraping every Story they could, and squeezing out every ounce of willpower
they possessed.

The sky was rapidly changing from the collision of worldviews.

<Asgard>'s Odin, <Papyrus>'s Osiris, <Vedas>'s Shiva, <Emperor>'s Nuwa... Not
just them, but Constellations from Nebulas with unfamiliar names all joined
in, causing the sky to brighten up in the deluge of blinding light show.

What blocked light wasn't darkness, but another light.

The companions subjected to this chokingly bright world felt as if their very
existences were being denied. The starlights from the Constellations were
telling them this  that the history they had compiled so far was nothing.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Jung Heewon also knew. She knew that those beings couldn't be defeated even if
all of her companions jumped in right now.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

She needed an even stronger Story, one that could strike down all those
blinding stars. The kind of power that could destroy all those constellations.

However, Jung Heewon didn't possess such powers. Even with \[God Slaying\] or
\[Hellfire\], it was still impossible.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is looking at her own
Incarnation.\]

Jung Heewon looked up at the sky. Her sponsor that had been keeping silent
until then was there. She really liked her sponsor. And because of that, there
were certain things she felt scared of asking for the Archangel's help.

"Kim Dokja..."

Even then, Jung Heewon had to say it.

"...Please, rescue him, Uriel."

Right away, her sponsor replied back to her.

\[Alright.\]

Hotly-burning flames blanketed the surroundings. She sensed Uriel standing
right behind her. Without a doubt, the Archangel must've been using her
uniquely noble eyes to look at the same world Jung Heewon was looking at.

Suddenly, Jung Heewon was overcome with fear.

What if Uriel dies in this place?

Uriel was just a 'Narrative-grade Constellation'; even if she was very
powerful, she still couldn't fight and win against a Myth-grade Constellation.
But then, a soft hand touched her shoulder.

\[Don't worry, Heewon-ah. I'll make it happen, no matter what.\]

The back of Uriel walking past was smaller than Jung Heewon's. The latter just
couldn't tear her eyes away from that small back.

\[Oldest Good has begun its storytelling\!\]

The white wings spread out from that small back and enveloped the whole world
as Uriel's true voice resounded out.

\[Oh, hear me, Eden.\]

Jung Heewon felt something shake noticeably inside her.

Something similar to a fragment was wriggling inside; it was a weighty
fragment that began sleeping within her ever since the conclusion of the
'Great War of Saints and Demons'.

\['Wall that Divides Good and Evil' has regained its original power\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Right away, angels began appearing one by one. Lower- and mid-tier angels,
their number swelling from ten, then to a hundred, then shooting past a
thousand in an instant.

Among them were familiar faces, such as Archangel Gabriel. Not only that, the
spirits of the Archangels who died during the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'
could be seen among them, as well.

\[Uriel.\]

The 'Guardian of Youths and Travel', Raphael called out to her. The angel who
always looked at the world with sleepy eyes was slowly kneeling down before
her along with all the other Archangels.

\[Will you be inheriting <Eden>?\]

Uriel didn't reply, but looked back at her Incarnation, instead. A certain
faint smile seeped into the noble expression of this Archangel. Jung Heewon
called out, but her voice couldn't reach its intended target.

The moment Uriel nodded her head, Raphael loudly proclaimed.

\[Uriel, from henceforth you are our 'Great Good'.\]

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...\!

The vast corona completely enveloped Uriel's figure.

Then, the stunningly-brilliant platinum-hued armour settled on her. All of
Uriel's Status was now manifesting itself, just like back on that day she
reigned as the terror of all demons after cutting off countless demon kings'
heads.

The strongest star in <Eden>.

The moment the 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' grasped her sword, every kneeling
angel stood right back up.

\[Oh, my fellow angels, let us commence with the final 'Great War of Saints
and Demons'.\]


