### Chapter 151: Ep. 30 - Dark Castle, I

In fact, I was most worried about Yoo Joonghyuk. He was more trustworthy than
anyone else here but at the same time, I couldn't be sure of his position. If
Yoo Joonghyuk shook off my hand then my actions would be useless.

Fortunately, Yoo Joonghyuk was calm. He might have a violent temper but this
guy was amazingly good at controlling his anger and sent me a secret message.

What are you doing?

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has activated Midday Tryst.\]

...The item that I had previously bought belatedly came to my mind. I didn't
know that the Midday Tryst I registered at that time would still be valid. I
deliberately spoke in a brazen manner.

I will do this more than once or twice. You should get used to it.

What?

The conditions aren't bad enough for you. I know that you can't inherit the
'stories' of other constellations.

Yoo Joonghyuk flinched at my words.

...I don't know how you know such things.

In fact, declaring a 'nebula' with me wasn't bad for Yoo Joonghyuk. In the
progression of the original novel, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't inherit any stories
here. It was due to the constraints on Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[The regression constraints.\]

He could turn back the clock after dying but he couldn't inherit the stories
of other constellations.

\[Incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk. Is Incarnation Kim Dokja correct? Are the two of
you making a nebula?\]

The dokkaebi host watching the situation stepped in. Everyone looked at Yoo
Joonghyuk while I nervously waited for his answer.

"Yes."

I inwardly sighed with relief. The first hurdle was overcome. However, the
real hurdles were from now on.

In the complete silence, someone on the second floor laughed. The soft laugh
was somewhat pleasant. I could feel Persephone's mood through this laughter.

 Kim Dokja, you did it after all. This is why I like you. 

Of course she liked me. Persephone's style fit this type of story. Thanks to
her laughter, the other constellations also started to laugh. Most of them
were constellations on the second floor. Unfortunately, their laughter didn't
contain the same meaning as Persephone.

\[The nebula 'Vedas' is disappointed in you.\]

\[The nebula 'Guiok' despises you.\]

Uriel held a handkerchief to her mouth and frowned at the reactions of the
constellations around her.

\[What? Why are you like this? This is good\!\]

The constellations on the first floor watched silently. Their eyes contained a
mixture of longing and worry. Maritime War God and Bald General of Justice
also looked nervous. The one who was most interested was Goryeo's First Sword,
who was looking this way.

The laughter died down and more direct contempt flew from the second floor.

\[A person who hasn't climbed to the throne of a constellation wants to create
a nebula?\]

\[Dokkaebi, does this make sense?\]

\[Can any cat or dog open a nebula?\]

The dokkaebi seemed confused at all the questions that poured towards him.

\[That... Incarnation Kim Dokja has clearly received recognition from the Star
Stream.\]

Along with these words, the stories I've made were projected onto the ceiling
screen.

\[King of a Kingless World\]

The first scene that appeared was when I destroyed the Absolute Throne by
borrowing the power of the Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword. Strictly
speaking, my narrative started from there. Fragments of the throne appeared on
the screen.

Some constellations nodded like they were convinced and some constellations
looked at each other with astonishment.

\[He broke the throne of divinity\!\]

\[...Did he really open with that story?\]

There were probably some attendees who didn't know my information. I thought I
was quite famous but I was still lacking. I suddenly looked around and saw the
Russian child staring at me with blank eyes.

\[Person who Opposes the Miracle.\]

The second story was when I took down the returnee Myung Ilsang who was a
disaster.

\[Some constellations are favourable towards you.\]

Since the returnees were disliked by constellations then this was a suitable
story to acquire the liking of the constellations. At this time, curious
expressions appeared on the faces of the constellations.

\[...What is this?\]

It was due to the third story that appeared, where I beat up the intermediate
dokkaebi Paul. I was a bit surprised when I saw the screen. I only wanted
revenge for Shin Yoosung... was it included in my 'stories'?

The dokkaebi Paul screamed and the embarrassed dokkaebi host quickly fast-
forwarded. Then the complaints of the constellations were heard.

\[Hey, what is that?\]

\[T-That. Haha, it seems to be the wrong data.\]

However, unlike the dokkaebi's words, a story name appeared on the screen.

\[One Who Showed Contempt for a Streamer\]

Laughter was heard from the landing of the stairs. It was Goryeo's First Sword
who was laughing.

\[This is crazy\! Hahahaha\!\]

Then the fourth story appeared.

\[One Who Hunted the King of Disasters\]

It was when I hunted the shadow of the constellation Yamata no Orochi in Peace
Land. The constellations' mouths dropped open when they saw Orochi killed with
my Electrification.

\[The shadow of a narrative-grade constellation...\]

\[He has already accumulated four legendary stories?\]

Confusion spread among the constellations. The screen turned off and the
dokkaebi continued speaking. \[In any case, Incarnation Kim Dokja is now at
the facing the throne of a constellation. If he gains his fifth story through
this occasion...\]

Those who knew I was aiming to be a constellation weren't confused but the
other constellations were startled.

\[Becoming a constellation before the 10th scenario is over?\]

\[He is a new constellation...\]

I suddenly received a lot of heated gazes. Certainly, this was a formidable
event even in Ways of Survival. There were only a few constellations or
returnees who had gained the recognition of the Star Stream before the 10th
scenario.

In the midst of the increasingly confused atmosphere, it was Manu of Vedas who
opened his mouth.

\[I will acknowledge Incarnation Kim Dokja. However, I can't acknowledge the
nebula. There are two problems.\]

The constellations focused on Manu's voice.

\[One, we don't know if Incarnation Kim Dokja has sufficient payment ability.
Isn't it necessary to have the minimum of funds before establishing a
nebula?\]

"The coins are sufficient."

Turmoil occurred again at my words.

Manu stared at me with suspicious eyes. \[We will know once it is checked. The
second problem is who will 'support' your nebula.\]

I gulped. It was finally the real challenge.

\[The establishment of a nebula needs to be supported by at least five
constellations. Do you have the support of any constellation?\]

"That..."

I couldn't easily answer and Manu laughed.

\[No, is there even a name for the nebula in the first place?\]

I opened my mouth as I glanced at Yoo Joonghyuk. "The name of our nebula is...
Kim Dokja's Company..."

"There isn't a name yet. In addition, we will gain the supporters now." Yoo
Joonghyuk casually interrupted me.

"Are there any constellations who want to support our nebula?"

No one responded to Yoo Joonghyuk's words. Manu laughed.

\[I knew it. It is a waste of time. Dokkaebi. Continue with the Story
Succession...\]

At this time, someone raised their hand.

\[The Olympus 'Underworld' will support your nebula.\]

\[Queen\!\] The angry Manu growled at Persephone.

Persephone's aura rose sharply. \[It is my decision. Are there any
complaints?\]

\[Urgh...\]

No matter the strength of Vedas, the constellation Manu couldn't stand alone
against Persephone, Queen of the Underworld. In the end, he turned towards the
other constellations.

\[Surely there won't be anyone else?\]

\[I will support it.\]

The voice came from the second floor and the constellations were once again
amazed. It was the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal.

\[P-Prisoner of the Golden Headband?\]

\[Really? Are you serious?\]

I looked towards him in gratitude. The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal was picking
at his ears while looking down here like it was troublesome.

\[Eh I don't know... sorry\! I also support it\!\] Uriel of Eden declared her
support. \[I will also give you the name for your nebula\! The nebula name is
Forbidden... mmph mprh\!\]

The ninth rank angels around her were flabbergasted and covered her mouth. No
matter her intentions, I was thankful. Now the rest of the constellations
glanced at each other.

The three constellations who declared their support were powerful enough not
to worry about others. The rest were different. It was unusual for historical-
grade and narrative-grade constellations to challenge Manu just to help
establish a new nebula.

I looked to the side and saw that Yoo Joonghyuk had half given up. He messaged
me:

We won't get any further.

...I would be blocked here but I didn't mind.

It's okay. My objective was achieved.

What?

I wasn't expecting anything. The important thing was to buy some time.

From the beginning, I didn't intend to inherit the story of any constellation
here. I thought of the original novel and the banquet's ending was fixed. At
this time, something unusual happened.

\[I, Goryeo's First Sword, will support your nebula.\]

Goryeo's First Sword declared support for us. Then the historical-grade
constellations stood up at once.

\[Then I, Maritime War God...\!\]

\[The Bald General of Justice won't stay still\!\]

Once the constellations on the first floor started to support us, the
constellations on the second floor and the dokkaebi became greatly confused.

\[W-Wait a minute\! Such a random declaration of support...\!\]

The next moment.

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' will support your nebula.\]

...Huh? Secretive Plotter? Where the hell was he?

\[You have won a Provisional Nebula Creation ticket\!\]

...Don't tell me? At this moment, the banquet hall started to shake and the
space distorted. I looked up at the sky. The banquet had finally ended. 'They'
had come.

\[...This aura is?\]

\[Everyone retreat\!\]

Even the constellations became nervous. The sky was greatly distorted and
powerful sparks appeared. It was like the sky was splitting apart.

\[The Great Hole.\]

The strange hole, which only appeared when a scenario was activated, suddenly
appeared above the banquet hall. The startled Manu shouted,

\[The gods of the other world\! How dare you come here?\]

The constellations roared and raised their own aura. Then a terrible voice
came from the hole in the sky.

\(Why... Weren't we invited?\)

Persephone and Uriel instantly blocked Yoo Joonghyuk's and my ears. It was to
prevent the foreign true voice from intruding. They stood in front of us,
lowering the pressure from the hall.

\[I'm sorry but the party is over. It's time to go back.\]

\[Then I'll see you next time\!\]

The moment Persephone and Uriel spoke, Yoo Joonghyuk and I were surrounded by
a transparent circle. It was the space transformation using the power of the
constellations. They wanted to save us from the terrible battle that would son
take place at the banquet hall.

By the way, the god of another world was a bit faster than expected. Wait...

\[The gods of another world are looking at you\!\]

\[The gods of another world are looking at you\!\]

At the last moment, I heard Uriel's scream.

\[Kim Dokja\!\]

Then darkness covered my eyes.

  

* * *

  

\[ Who are you? \]

\[ Not recorded in the vehicle. \]

\[ Don't tell me... \]

.

.

.

\[...\]

.

.

.

\[ The 'last story' is finally about to start... \]

  

* * *

  

"Hey, is it here?"

"It is okay? What if those guys come? It is said that the Maritime Admiral and
Pure Steel often come here\!"

"Isn't this the hero's grave?"

A dark night. Several robbers were gathered around the tombstone erected in
Gwanghwamun.

The leader of the robbers, Lee Dongpa frowned at the terrified people.
"Pathetic fools. What hero is he? Can a hero die so easily?"

It wasn't long ago that Lee Dongpa learnt about the existence of the hero. The
strongest man who saved Seoul by sacrificing his life. Of course, Lee Dongpa
didn't believe the rumours.

"Now, do it quickly\! There is no time. Before those dark scum come out\!"

Many people were already participating in the ninth scenario, Dark Castle.
However, not all people participated in the scenario, including Lee Dongpa.
The main scenarios were just festivals for the smart guys like him.

"It is a hero's grave. Wouldn't there be one or two good things buried?"

"Search the body as well\! He might've hidden things on his body."

"Shit, he is buried deep. Hey, pick it up\!"

The robbers quickly dug at the ground. Approximately two hours passed.

"W-We reached it\!"

Finally, their shovels hit a lid. Their hearts were pounding as they opened
the lid. A man dressed in a white coat was sleeping in the coffin.

Lee Dongpa laughed. "A hero? Bah. He is a sleeping princess. He is ugly."

"The coat is excellent. Strip it off him..."

Tak\!

"Waaaaahhhhh\!"

"W-What... kuaaack\!"

The shocked Lee Dongpa fell down and started shaking. The hero, who had just
been dead, was holding onto the shoulder of a robber. Then every being in
Seoul heard the following message.

\[Someone has acquired five stories.\]

\[A new constellation is born in Seoul's night sky\!\]


