### Chapter 306: Ep. 58 - Context of the Constellations, II

It took less than 30 seconds for the nine people to be lying on the ground.

"Kuock..."

I ignored the groan and wiped the blood off my hands. I used Character List
but the answer came out without having to look.

"The Gyeonggi Alliance. Why did you come here?"

One of the bleeding bodies started melting down. It seemed to be a technique.

\[The constellation 'Black Sword Assassin' is wary of you\!\]

\[The constellation 'Hunter of the Dark Moon' questions the fairness of the
scenario.\]

I frowned towards the air as the messages died down. I thoroughly checked the
routes of their movements. I saw someone flying and fleeing through a broken
window. I saw the method of running through the air and knew who it was.

I thought they were mere members of the alliance but one of the 10 Evils was
among them. The leader of the Gyeonggi Alliance, one of the 10 Evils Cho
Jinchul. The guy who had a sponsor from Murim and was one of the problems of
the original 45th scenario.

Of course, that was according to the original story. The person in front of me
right now wasn't worth caring about. There were ranks among the 10 Evils and
Cho Jinchul was one of the small fries. For the current party members, there
were no incarnations on the Korean Peninsula who could be a match against
them. Perhaps if it was the United States or India...

"This guy\! Chase him\!"

I saw some people chasing after the distant Cho Jinchul. Among them was the
returnee Flying Fox who I brought with me. As the fugitive and pursuer engaged
in a cat and mouse chase, the panoramic view of Seoul entered my vision.

I knew it was Seoul. In addition, it was the center of the industrial complex.
Through a contract with Secretive Plotter, the Industrial Complex was
transferred to empty Seoul. As if the reality and fiction are combined and he
realized that the world is watching, the landscape has changed and realized
that. The bottom of the fortress had 'Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja Industrial
Complex' engraved.

...Why was Yoo Joonghyuk first? I would change it later.

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' is looking at you.\]

I looked up at the air. Guardian of Youths and Travel. I knew the owner of the
modifier.

"Raphael."

An archangel of Eden, Raphael. Sparks flew in the air like Raphael was
reacting. I thought I would hear from Eden soon. "I was just going to find
you. I will give back..."

I remembered that I still had the symbolic body of Gabriel. Jophiel's
confinement effect was over and it was time for Gabriel to wake up. By the
way...

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' says that Gabriel has
already been recovered.\]

The lily had disappeared. Come to think of it, I remembered an archangel's
hand passing over me when I was sleeping. Maybe one of the constellations of
Eden had visited at that time. Since Jung Heewon's sponsor was Uriel then it
was likely to be Uriel.

...By the way, what happened to Uriel? Why wasn't there an indirect message from
her?

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' says that Uriel doesn't
yet have authorization to speak in the channel.\]

Ah, I see.

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' is curious about you.\]

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' says that the red cosmos
hasn't returned.\]

At Raphael's message, I hesitated for a moment and opened my mouth. "The
Commander of the Red Cosmos didn't come back with me."

Commander of the Red Cosmos, Jophiel. I wouldn't have been able to return to
the third round without her help. "She wanted to remain in the other world
line out of her own will."

There was a wild gust of wind.

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' distrusts your words\!\]

Raphael was furious. I calmly continued speaking. "If you use your ability,
you know that I'm not a lie."

Not long after, the winds sweeping around slowly eased.

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' is looking at you.\]

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' is asking you for
clarification.\]

"I will go there. The 46th scenario is ahead... we'll be able to talk soon."

I felt a strange change in Raphael's gaze on me. The archangel knew the
contents of the scenario.

"I will go to Eden as soon as the scenario is over."

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' will wait for your
answer.\]

After the message, Raphael's energy in the area completely disappeared. The
status flooding the area was gone and I felt bitter. In the meantime, I had
accumulated many stories and became quite strong. I could suppress low to mid-
grade constellations and it was almost impossible to find a stronger presence
among the constellations. Yet the archangel's status was still too high.

Guardian of Youths and Travel, Raphael. A powerful adversary who took down
Demon King Asmodeus.

 Kim Dokja quietly clenched his fists and repeated. 

I still had a long way to go. However, I didn't have to rush. I was doing well
enough right now. That reminded me of Asmodeus... no, Department Head Han. So
many things had happened when I was gone. There weren't only one or two things
to wonder about. I checked the system messages first.

\[You have missed the dokkaebi communication.\]

\[Sender: Senior Dokkaebi Bihyung.\]

There was a message from Bihyung. I thought it was strange that Bihyung hadn't
made a fuss when I came back... he expressed his concerns in this message. I
opened the screen and manipulated the message window. The message was long but
the contents itself was simple.

I'm sorry that I couldn't come. I am busy with some things. I will go see you
once things are over.

These were roughly the contents of the long message.

By the way, don't you care about your baby?

The news I was curious about appeared at the end of the message.

I have Biyoo. Well, she is also my child. You left her in front of the portal
and she was almost taken away by the wenny people.

I had been worried because Biyoo didn't appear.

You will be a bit surprised when she comes back. Look forward to it.

Bihyung's message was over. I felt a bit uncomfortable but I was relieved that
Biyoo was with Bihyung.

Then let's move. I piled up the bodies in one place and decided to find the
party members.

.

.

.

Dozens of minutes passed. I was wandering along the road. Why was this factory
so wide? I scratched my head and looked around but I couldn't tell where I was
located. It wasn't too late but I should purchase the Reading Map or
Pathfinding skill.

"Excuse me, is anybody there?"

I had a tendency to get lost in the 'first building I visited'. When I entered
elementary school and middle school for the first time, when I got my first
placement and when I joined Mino Soft...

Thinking about it, this was the reason why I first spoke to Yoo Sangah.

 Kim Dokja thought, 'Where is the emergency exit?' 

I had never been inside the Factory properly and had no idea where I was. In
addition, the structure seemed changed from back then. I decided to open
suspicious doors one by one.

The moment I opened a door, a small tentacled monster and frog stared at me.
Some objects were inside test tubes while others were freely roaming the room.

\[Frog Who Could've Been Dokja ahjussi\]

\[Elephant Monster Who Was Almost Dokja ahjussi\]

\[Tentacle Monster Who Unfortunately Wasn't Dokja ahjussi\]

The frog gazed at me and shot out its tongue. I closed the door with surprise.
Wait, this room

perhaps...

I wanted to check the nameplate when I heard a voice nearby.

"...Hey\! How did you get out?"

"Dokja-ssi?"

It was Han Sooyoung and Lee Hyunsung.

  

* * *

  

"I mean, Dokja-ssi. In the 35th scenario..."

Lee Hyunsung was talking about the scenarios he experienced. I silently
listened to the story while examining Lee Hyunsung's body. His pectoral
muscles were more developed than before. The magic power of steel was
connecting muscle fibres.

Now Lee Hyunsung's Steel Transformation had reached the edge of mastery. It
wasn't unreasonable if the 46th scenario started right now. It was a bit
impressive. While I was away, the party members faithfully trained while
following the guidelines I gave them.

Of course, I wasn't just listening to Lee Hyunsung.

\[Midday Tryst has been activated.\]

\[Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung' is currently participating in the conversation.\]

I was fortunate to have met Han Sooyoung first. Preparing for a scenario was
always late. For quick preparations, I needed someone who could provide the
most accurate information efficiently and there was only one person best
suited for it.

Where is Jang Hayoung and the Breaking the Sky Master?

He went to other scenario areas with the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and
Kyrgios. It seemed to be a scenario only for transcendents.

What about Han Myungoh and Gong Pildu?

They are currently in North Korea. Gong Pildu has gone to carry out the North
Korean scenario. Han Myungoh was dragged away as an extra.

...North Korea. By the way, now was the time for North Korean incarnations.
There were a few prominent constellations to be found in North Korea. Of
course, most of them were historical-grade but there were some comparable to
narrative-grade. For example, the Great King...

Where have you been so far?

The 1863rd round of Ways of Survival.

Han Sooyoung's eyes widened.

What? Really?

Ah, you were there. I don't know if it was a true self or not.

...True self? What is this bullshit?

I tried to answer when someone stood in our way.

"...Dokja-ssi." It was Jung Heewon.

"I slept well thanks to you."

Jung Heewon stared at me with a complicated gaze. It seemed that she wanted to
say something but she also wanted to hear my story. Jung Heewon's gaze slowly
moved towards Han Sooyoung.

For a moment, sharp currents flowed between Han Sooyoung and Jung Heewon. Jung
Heewon stared at Han Sooyoung with cold eyes before turning her head. In this
awkward atmosphere, I opened my mouth first. "Yes, there were intruders in
front of my room..."

"I gave orders to handle it. If you have woken up then go see Sangah-ssi. We
can talk about the details next time." Her voice was much colder than usual.
It was different from the Jung Heewon I knew. Lee Hyunsung, standing beside
me, gazed after Jung Heewon with sad eyes.

Once Jung Heewon disappeared around the corner, I asked Han Sooyoung. "What is
this?"

"What?"

"What's going on between you and Jung Heewon?" I gazed at Han Sooyoung's pout
and felt a bit anxious. I didn't know what happened but it wasn't the time for
them to be fighting. "Have you forgotten the 46th scenario? You now..."

"You haven't been here for three years. You don't know anything so shut up."

Han Sooyoung also turned away and left at these words. Only Lee Hyunsung
remained. I saw Lee Hyunsung's sagging shoulders and felt depressed. It seemed
this had happened more than once.

During the three years I was away, a rift that I didn't know about formed
between the party members. It was clear without asking Lee Hyunsung about the
shape of the group.

I lightly patted Lee Hyunsung's shoulders. I didn't know what happened but it
was obvious what I had to do to grasp the situation. "Hyunsung-ssi, where is
Yoo Sangah-ssi?"

"This way."

It was very brief but I didn't miss Lee Hyunsung's darkening expression. I
followed Lee Hyunsung's big back and we arrived at a small door covered with
simple white paint. Unexpected, Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung who left earlier
were standing in front of the door.

...What was with these people? I was about to speak to them but their
expressions were a bit strange. It was the first time I had seen Han Sooyoung
and Jung Heewon making this expression.

 Kim Dokja thought, 'There isn't any easy task'. 

Shut up. I sighed lightly and placed my hand on the door handle. Things would
be resolved once I met Yoo Sangah. I briefly knocked on the door and heard Yoo
Sangah's voice from inside.

Who is it?

"Kim Dokja."

The answer was unexpected.

Go back.


