### Chapter 468: Ep. 89 - Great Apocalypse, II

The unconscious Yoo Joonghyuk didn't want to wake up even after four hours
passed by.

"Hey, you crazy idiot\! Wake up\!"

Han Sooyoung and I took turns slapping his cheeks. Unfortunately, he still
showed no signs of waking up at all.

Slap\! Slap\! Slap\! Slap\!\!

Also, his damn cheeks were so hard that even the concerted slapping from both
of us failed to puff them up. Our palms went numb from pain, instead.

Han Sooyoung spoke in a genuinely impressed tone of voice. "You know, this is
kind of fun?"

"...This is no time to crack jokes like that."

\[5 hours and 12 minutes remaining until the start of the Great Apocalypse
Scenario.\]

We really didn't have much time left. Soon, the 'Great Apocalypse' will
commence, and the Outer Gods would start invading us due to the expanding
Probability.

But now, Yoo Joonghyuk was in this state.

I couldn't even begin to guess what went wrong where. Was this related to my
\[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint\] somehow?

\['Character List' has failed to activate.\]

\[Applicable individual is not a 'Character'.\]

I tried using \[Character List\] one more time, but the resulting message was
the same.

There were a lot of 'Yoo Joonghyuks' in this universe, but that message only
ever appeared with just one. That Yoo Joonghyuk of the 1863rd regression turn,
disappearing towards his own story...

When I got that far, I began thinking of something. But... could it really be?

Lee Seolhwa watching on from the side asked a question. "Should we feed him
the \[Life and Death Pill\]?"

Not too long ago, she finally managed to perfect the ultimate recovery
medicine, the \[Life and Death Pill\]. This elixir could apparently cure any
and all fatal wounds when ingested.

"Have you already reached the level of mass-producing it?"

"No, not yet. I was only able to concoct a few. Didn't have enough
ingredients..."

I could only sigh. Since we didn't know what might happen, we couldn't afford
to carelessly waste the \[Life and Death Pill\].

\[Character 'Yoo Joonghyuk's' egos are colliding\!\]

On top of that, we weren't sure if the problem of one's ego could be solved by
the \[Life and Death Pill\], either. It was then, a slight vibration
reverberated throughout the Industrial Complex.

"Dokja-ssi, we've detected movement."

Lee Hyunsung opened the sick bay's door and hurriedly entered.

Han Sooyoung and I looked at each other at the same time. I urgently switched
the display panel on and the Pacific Ocean's situation soon filled it up.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The wave that swallowed up the American continent revealed itself once more.
Transparent dome walls had stopped the wave, and it was steadily increasing
its water level, instead.

The Probability was still restricting it, that was why.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

However, that Probability's wall was being pushed back bit by bit. The border
that crossed the vast Pacific was gradually widening its diameter. We could
also see the 'Outer Gods' wiggling about in between the rising waves.

In five hours' time, that border would reach the Korean Peninsula, and this
land would disappear from the face of this Earth.

"...Kim Dokja. A plan?"

"I do have one," said I, before glancing at the unconscious Yoo Joonghyuk and
adding something else. "Although, it looks like I'll have modify it a bit
now."

"Stop making me worried, alright? How did that thing get stopped back in the
original storyline?"

"Nebulas all desperately fought together. Most of the Constellations were
ground down to fine dust trying to stop that."

"Where are those oh-so-mighty Constellations, then?"

"What do you mean, where?"

\[Many Constellations are watching your judgement.\]

Most likely, they were busy spectating on our apocalypse.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is criticising other
Constellations, asking them if the ideals of righteousness in <Star Stream>
have all withered away.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is crossing his arms and
shaking his head.\]

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', finds the Constellations of the
large Nebulas quite pathetic.\]

Even though Constellations from our side provoked them, they remained composed
in their replies.

\[A portion of Constellations argue that all of this was brought upon by <Kim
Dokja's Company> themselves.\]

Some of them even began arguing that it was our fault, too.

\[A small number of Constellations argues that it's <Kim Dokja's Company> that
stole away their shares first.\]

Now normally, such an argument was utter drivel with no leg to stand on, but
for some reason, my mind remained calm even after hearing them. Because I
roughly knew why they were acting like this.

Back when we went to visit <Oz>, the monkey told me this.

 Many Stories that constitute Giant Stories have all entered the path of
stagnation similar to <Oz>'s situation. A certain Story that has appeared in
recent times have begun eating into the percentages of other Stories, you see...
I'm talking about you people's Story.

Originally, the main actors leading this stage should've been the Nebulas that
had been compiling their myths for a long time. However, several of them
either lost the important Stories to us or got destroyed in the process. In
the midst of all this, <Star Stream> even decided to grandly label us as the
'third strongest' Nebula, so the sense of deprivation the existing stars felt
must've been indescribable.

...Of course, it didn't mean that what these stars were doing right now was
correct or justified.

Han Sooyoung chewing on her nails asked. "Isn't it better to give up on Earth?
How about we come up with the way to reach the 'Final Scenario' with everyone,
instead...?"

"You know that's not going to happen."

Only the ones permitted could reach the Final Scenario.

Even if everyone on Earth was inducted into <Kim Dokja's Company>, the
aftermath of the Probability's storm caused by the nonsensical scenario jump
would ensure our complete destruction.

"Goddammit."

I could sense \[Predictive Plagiarism\] spinning its gears vigorously inside
her head.

"You said that these Outer God Kings are beings from the 999th turn. How many
are there, anyway?"

"From what I know, there are four excluding the 'Secretive Plotter'."

"...Are we going to fight all four of them at the same time??"

I shook my head and recalled the list of the 'Outer God Kings' I memorised
back then.

The 'Living Flame' that rises up from the east.

The 'Master of the Sunken Island', the calamity of the world in the west.

The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', the ruler of the northern universe.

The 'King of the Silver Heart', the ruler of the interstellar space in the
south.

The beings that became the 'Outer God Kings' after witnessing the 'Conclusion'
of the 999th regression turn.

However, Even if this was the <Bureau> we were talking about, I wasn't
convinced that they'd insert every King into this scenario. They didn't really
like the scenarios that they couldn't control, after all. Which meant...

"One has appeared in the Pacific Ocean. And when all of our forces start
moving, one more should show up. That would make two Kings."

"Okay, so one is the Pacific Ocean bastard, and the other will be Uriel from
the 999th turn?"

"Correct."

"How strong are they? I only saw for a brief moment back then..."

"Well, Uriel from the 999th turn is responsible for leaving the 'Secretive
Plotter' in that state, so yeah."

"...Son of a bitch. And something like that is going to show up with underlings,
too??"

Han Sooyoung clearly witnessed the power of 'Secretive Plotter' during the
battle against the Apocalypse Dragon. So, her reaction couldn't be seen as
over the top.

"Constellations of our channel will definitely help us, right?"

"Even if they help us, there is no guarantee of our victory. Most importantly,
we won't be at our full combat strength with Yoo Joonghyuk missing."

My original plan was to split the companions in two to divide and conquer the
Outer God Kings. However, if the main combatant Yoo Joonghyuk were to go
missing from the picture, then we won't be able to rely on the 1863rd turn's
power to survive.

Kwa-kwakwakwa\!

We saw the 'wave' gradually widening its area of influence through the display
panel. It'd be too late if we started defending ourselves when the boundaries
of the Great Apocalypse reached the Korean Peninsula.

I quickly came to a new decision.

"Let's get moving. I'll tell you what you must do."

Five hours remained.

We needed to finish our preparation within this time frame.

  

* * *

  

While Han Sooyoung was busy conveying my new plan to our companions, I went to
talk to Lee Gilyoung. After hearing my summons, the boy quickly rushed into
the reception room with a bright expression.

"Hyung\! You called for me? What's up?"

I nodded my head. "Please sit over here."

He quickly sat down on the couch and looked up at me with his sparkling eyes
as if he couldn't wait to hear what I had to say.

I stared deeply into his eyes.

The child who used to think of this world as a game.

Even now, the memories of the moments I first met Lee Gilyoung remained fresh
in my head. It was a nightmare filled with the flickering overhead lights of
the subway and grasshoppers all leaping up into the air simultaneously. If Lee
Gilyoung hadn't caught any insects that day, the one to die would've been me.

The insect-collecting boy without a mother was now old enough to be a middle-
school student.

I didn't save his mother that day. What would've happened if I made a
different choice back then?

For instance, what if my disgust towards humans was less intense? What if I
didn't notice the injuries on the boy's arm while grabbing the grasshoppers?
What if I didn't have a habit of hastily guessing a person's history with just
a few circumstantial evidence?

What if I hadn't read the 'Ways of Survival'?

What if I... wasn't Kim Dokja...?

"...Sorry."

Huh?

"...I'm sorry, hyung."

Lee Gilyoung had his head lowered, his shoulders trembling from trepidation
like a child about to be handed down a scary punishment.

Was it because I looked scary? Or, was it because of some other reason?

Lee Gilyoung continued on. "But, but, I didn't have a choice... If I hadn't
signed the contract, Shin Yoosung might have..."

Only then did I realize what he was trying to say.

And this boy signed the contract with the devil in order to protect his
precious something.

A certain moment from the Journey to the West brushed past my view. Right, I
witnessed it clearly, didn't I  the yellowish storm erupting out from the
boy's figure while being surrounded by the Nine Stars.

Lee Gilyoung was talking about that time.

"I, I do remember you telling me to never use my Sponsor's powers\! I swear, I
didn't deliberately break our promise\! I, I really..."

As the boy spoke incoherently, I placed my hand on his head. "You did well."

"Eh?"

The boy's eyes grew wider, so I spoke with more conviction in my voice. "You
did well. Without you, we'd have all died back then."

I was aware of how tough it had been for this boy. Because I also knew only
too well the sorrow of watching your companions die before your eyes and
unable to do anything about it. Lee Gilyoung must've felt the same.

"However, doing it again is going to be troublesome. You know this, don't you?
With your powers..."

"...I don't want to."

"What's that?"

"If the same things happen again, I'll make the same choice. I'll rely on that
power again. I'll... I'll protect Shin Yoosung and my companions."

"But, Gilyoung-ah."

He hesitated slightly before avoiding my hand. He raised his head, and I saw
several complicated emotions swirling within his eyes.

It seemed that I wasn't the only one who had made up his mind.

"I know you called me here to scold me. But, I came here to tell you this,
too. I'm not a little kid anymore, hyung. I'm also qualified, you know. Just
like everyone else, I reached this far by beating back all the scenarios."

I inwardly swallowed back my gasps.

I knew this already. I did, but...

\[The Fourth Wall\]'s voice could be heard next, sounding thoroughly
unimpressed by my thoughts.

D on't tre at him l ike a kid you are mo re l ike a k id.

'Gilyoung-ie is still a kid'.

Y ou ca n't fig ht wi thout hi m an yway.

Kim Dok ja, ac ting l ike a ni ce per son do esn't suit y ou.

I knew that. But still, that didn't mean...

D on't wo rry, my fr iend will he lp.

...Your friend?

It was then, a transparent wall-like something wavered around Lee Gilyoung
accompanied by 'Tsu-chuchut' noise.

\['The Fourth Wall' is responding to its friend.\]

I cautiously reached out towards the empty air.

Something was there. This sensation of touching a wall  I was familiar with
it. However, this 'wall' was still incomplete.

I finally understood several things just then.

...So, that's how it was. That 'wall' was now with this child...

"H-hyung, even if you say no, I...\!"

He must've felt scared by my hand reaching out to the empty air, because he
started shouting in a shaky voice. I quickly lowered my hand and held his. I
remained still while holding his hands tightly, until his shivering gradually
calmed down.

"You're right, Gilyoung-ah."

"...Hyung?"

"I... We, can't see the Conclusion without your help. We need you during the
scenario we are about to enter."

I slowly blinked my eyes.

I couldn't help it now. I had to acknowledge our current situation where I had
no choice but to rely on a hurting child. I had to treat preciously the boy's
heart that had to mature far too quickly for his age, and his courage he had
to display first.

And to reward that courage, I too had to become honest here.

"Even if that's true, I won't let you fight all alone. This is my desire, and
I won't ever back down from this. Can you understand that, Gilyoung-ah?"

Lee Gilyoung slowly nodded his head. He wiped his tears and smiled happily. My
heart ached thinking about how I had to go to war with this child in tow.

Unfortunately, it was now time to cross 'that' bridge.

"I want to speak to your Sponsor."

My words caused Lee Gilyoung's eyes to quake quite noticeably.

"...B-but, hyung. T-that guy, it's..."

"Don't worry."

The reason why I didn't want to use his Sponsor was because that guy was
simply too dangerous.

"...Will you truly not come with me? You'll become stronger much faster if you
stick with me instead of him. Even then, you wish to stay behind?"

Yoo Joonghyuk must've known this too and that's why he tried to take Lee
Gilyoung away. What a fox-like sly bastard.

I gently grasped the shoulders of worried Lee Gilyoung and spoke. "Your hyung
is now a Myth-grade Constellation, you know."

If it was a few days ago, I'd have avoided making this choice if at all
possible. But the story was different now.

I lightly sucked in my breath, and while looking up, spoke in my true voice.
\[I know you're watching, so come out.\]

The moment the tone of my voice changed, a heavy reverberation spread out
around us. Sparks completely inundated the reception room and Lee Gilyoung's
expression changed. As his brows furrowed in pain, his eyes became white next.
I realized what was happening here so I quickly broke past the Probability's
storm and tightly grasped the boy's shoulder.

\[I don't remember telling you to descend.\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

The after-effects from the Probability's storm lessened significantly and all
sorts of pain rushed into my arm. But, I ably endured it. If I didn't go with
this much showmanship, then I'd not be able to negotiate properly with this
guy.

\[Your Status is suppressing the after-effects of a localised Probability's
storm\!\]

Lee Gilyoung's expression regained its calm rapidly.

And right in the next instance, sounds akin to the beatings of insect wings
came out from his mouth, currently looking as if empty darkness had taken
over.

\[I'm familiar with waiting, yet you have taken far too long.\]

This voice sounded as if millions of locusts were crashing in at the same
time.


