### Chapter 15: Ep. 3  Contract, IV

I didn't know how much time passed by. My breathing was often interrupted, and
all my muscles were so stiff that I could barely move them.

\[A few constellations admire your will to survive\!\]

\[Constellations have sponsored you 100 coins.\]

However, I persisted. I persisted because I believed I could hold on. The
light emitted from the thorn in the darkness confirmed that I was alive. After
confirming the falling temperature of the stomach wall, I was convinced that
the ichthyosaur was dying.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' admires your spirit.\]

\[The constellation has sponsored you 100 coins.\]

When I was hungry, I placed my tongue to the end of the thorn. The condensed
fluid that flowed out contained the life force absorbed from the ichthyosaur.
The reason I drank the mucus in advance had been to absorb this concentrate.

\[Your physique has slightly increased due to absorbing the power of the
ichthyosaur.\]

There wasn't an immediate effect of my stats levels increasing, but by the
time I escaped from the ichthyosaur, I would gain at least two levels in
physique. It wouldn't work at a higher level, but this was one of the few
tricks I could use to raise my physique without using coins.

Indeed, this wasn't a dream. This was all I could do. I was just an ordinary
reader, not a protagonist. It felt like I would wake up screaming in bed at
any moment, but no such miracle happened no matter how much I blinked.

...Mother would be fine. She was okay. This wasn't anybody else, it was
'Mother'.

I fell asleep whenever the liquid on the floor drained away and woke up every
time the cold river water entered my mouth. Then finally, the ichthyosaur's
digestion stopped. The warmth of the viscera suddenly cooled down and the
elastic stomach lining gradually solidified. Thus, I could be certain of it.

The ichthyosaur had died.

\[...You are really great.\] There was a bright light in the darkness, and
Bihyung's dim figure was floating in the air. \[Using the stone hog's thorn
like this. I never even thought about it. Constellations, isn't it the same
for you?\]

Bihyung looked at the stone hog's thorn emitting a faint light.

\[The stone hog is a guy who mainly lives on the coast and feeds on small sea
species. They insert the thorn into the skin of the prey, but I didn't think
it would be used to plug up the openings for the digestive juices...\]

Bihyung's shining eyes weren't looking at me. The words weren't an explanation
for me either.

\[A few constellations are smiling as if they already know.\]

\[Constellations have sponsored you 100 coins.\]

\[A few constellations belatedly understand your judgment.\]

\[Constellations complain that you should tell them by talking to yourself
from now on.\]

I ignored the messages from the constellations and drank the last of the
condensed fluid.

\[Your physique has slightly increased due to absorbing the power of the
ichthyosaur.\]

\[Your physique level has risen\!\]

\[Physique Lv. 11 -> Physique Lv. 12\]

I accomplished my intended purpose. Bihyung came down to me and touched my
burned arm. \[Furthermore, the mucus... I didn't know the mucus of the hammer
seahorse was so potent.\]

Originally, my skin should've melted from the ichthyosaur's digestive juices.
I opened my mouth to stop Bihyung's nonsense. "The mucus of the hammer
seahorse is immune to digestive fluids. They evolved in this way after often
being eaten by the ichthyosaurs."

\[A few constellations admire your knowledge.\]

Then Bihyung looked at me with a betrayed expression. \[Excuse me, I should be
the one explaining...\]

"I did it because you don't know. Now is the explanation over?"

\[...Yes.\]

"Then give me the reward."

\[Cheeky bastard,\] Bihyung grumbled while a reward message appeared in front
of my eyes.

\[The hidden scenario has ended.\]

\[You have obtained 9,000 coins in compensation.\]

\[You are the first to have successfully hunted a 7th grade species.\]

\[You have earned 1,000 coins as an achievement reward.\]

9,000 coins plus an additional 1,000 coins. It was a very huge income.

\[Coins Possessed: 14,800 C\]

If I added the 500 donated coins from filming my survival, the total income
was 10,500 coins. It was over my target.

\[Haha, Constellations. Did you enjoy this? Let's quickly watch an
advertisement before going straight to the next scenario\!\]

I could hear the faint sounds of an ad somewhere. New scenario opening
featured package, 8,800 coins...

Once the eyes of the constellations disappeared, Bihyung started speaking to
me in a friendly manner, \[Sigh... It was a great survival. The response from
the constellations was amazing.\]

"How much time passed?"

\[Four days. I was in suspense the whole time I was watching. Were you unaware
of the time?\]

"My smartphone died."

It had taken more time than I'd thought it would. The original goal had been
two days... Well, Yoo Joonghyuk took four days in the fourth round to catch an
ichthyosaur, so the speed wasn't slow.

'Anyway, I did it'.

A pleasant feeling of fulfillment covered my whole body and made me confident.
I was an ordinary person with ordinary skills, but even so, this didn't mean I
could only do ordinary things.

"...How funny."

It was strange. A novel that hadn't been helpful for 28 years was now making
me extraordinary.

\[Oh, are you talking to yourself already?\]

"..."

\[Isn't it good? For an incarnation, talking to yourself is essential. Of
course, there are constellations who dislike it, but usually...\]

"Shut up and open the Dokkaebi Bag."

\[Why? Are you going to buy something?\]

"I'm not buying but selling."

\[Damn, I'll have to cut the ad short. Constellations, hold on a second. I'll
adjust the volume.\]

As Bihyung opened the Dokkaebi Bag, I looked at the thorns embedded in the
wall. The upper barrier was hardened, and deep cracks formed around the
thorns. So, I could now smash through the upper barrier with my strength. I
broke the wall little by little with the one remaining thorn. Shortly
afterward, I encountered the core of the ichthyosaur that was glowing blue.

\[Ichthyosaur's Core\]

It was an ether core found in monster species 7th grade or higher. I could
raise my magic power level without coins if I ingested them. It was good
quality because it was a sea commander-grade ichthyosaur. I carefully cut at
the flesh around the core while Bihyung looked at me with a dumbfounded
expression.

"I'll sell this."

\[You really...\]

"Of course, I don't mean to sell it to you. I'll put it on the dokkaebi
auction."

Bihyung accepted it like he was tired of asking me anything. \[Sigh... Do what
you want. How much are you going to charge?\]

"I won't sell it for coins. I'll sell it by barter."

\[Damn, you know all sorts of things,\] Bihyung grumbled while uploading the
item to the dokkaebi auction. His desires were simple. This guy might listen
better than I thought.

"Someone will show up to buy it. The item exchanged must be 'Broken Faith'."

\[Broken Faith? There is a person with it... In any case, it is registered.\]

"Yes. And I will buy..."

I saw Purest Sword Force in the shopping cart. Indeed, nobody had bought it
yet. Most constellations weren't well aware of the value of coin items. The
expensive items in the Dokkaebi Bag weren't unconditionally good.

\[Wait a minute, can I talk to you for a moment?\]

At Bihyung's words, the advertising volume increased again.

\[Constellations are complaining about the long advertisement.\]

Once I saw that one more advertisement had appeared, I had a hunch about what
Bihyung wanted to say.

"Is it the contract?"

Advertising was the only way to hide the eyes and ears of the constellations
without turning off the broadcast. From now on, it wasn't a story for the
constellations.

\[Yes. I wasn't certain but I became convinced after this scenario. Well...
let's try it once. I can help you a little bit.\]

"Won't this violate the streamer's pledge?"

\[Ah, of course, I can't really help you. I'm just saying that. Will you sign
the contract?\]

"What are the conditions?"

\[Take a look.\]

The dokkaebi pulled out an extravagant contract that had been prepared. I read
the contract that emerged as a transparent window in the air.



\[Stream Contract Agreement\]

1\. Incarnation Kim Dokja \(Gap\)1 will sign an exclusive contract with
Bihyung \(Eul\)1 until all scenarios are completed or until his death.



"... I am the gap?"

\[Haha, don't humans like this? It doesn't mean anything. Keep reading.\]



2\. Incarnation Kim Dokja \(Gap\) will never choose a sponsor until all
scenarios have ended or until his death.



This was also as expected.



3\. Incarnation Kim Dokja \(Gap\) should only be active on the channel of
Dokkaebi Bihyung \(Eul\).

4\. Incarnation Kim Dokja \(Gap\) and Dokkaebi Bihyung \(Eul\) will distribute
the revenue from stream contracts, and this ratio will be determined through
mutual consultation.

.

10\. Incarnation Kim Dokja \(Gap\) and Dokkaebi Bihyung \(Eul\) will be
subject to destruction in accordance with the laws of Star Stream if they
break this contract.



I read the contract carefully down to the last item. Although I thought he
might play some trick on me, I didn't see that part. Except for one thing...

"There is the most important part."

\[What do you mean? You can just say that you agree. The stream contract is a
soul pledge\]

"I'm talking about the pay ratio."

\[A-Ahh. Haha. Right.\]

As if this bastard didn't know this was the most important part.

\[How about 5:5? Instead, I'll get rid of my channel fee. Ah, do you know how
to calculate it? I will accurately divide your future donations in this ratio.
For example, if you get 100 coins, you will receive 50 coins and I will
receive 50 coins.\]

All stream contracts were like this. The constellations had incarnations
appear on the dokkaebi's channel, and the contributions received from other
constellations would be divided by a percentage. This was normal.

"Are you taking me for a pushover? I won't accept."

\[What? B-But this is the industry's default settlement ratio...\]

"I'm an incarnation without a sponsor. When donating to an incarnation without
a sponsor, the constellations must pay a huge fee to the dokkaebi. Haven't you
already enjoyed a lot thanks to me?"

Bihyung's jaw slowly dropped open, but there was no point making that
expression.

"10:0. You will only get the commission. I won't pay you a single penny."

\[What?\! That is ridiculous... H-How about 7:3?\]

The ratio changed greatly, but I wasn't going to concede.

"10:0."

\[What is this fucking bullshit? It is a ridiculous rate\]

"Then don't accept. I will just go to another channel. 'Gildal' is doing well
these days. I should ask him."

\[...8:2. I can't concede any more.\]

"10:0."

\[.\] Bihyung's expression changed to a threatening one. He looked at my
head like it would explode at any minute. However, I knew that he would never
give up the contract. My existence was his last chance.

"The advertisement is coming to an end. Don't you see the constellations
complaining?"

In the end, Bihyung gave up. \[Shit, I understand. Then will you sign the
contract?\]

He surrendered easier than I'd thought he would. In fact, I was going to give
up at 9:1.

...Maybe he earned more money than I'd expected. It was a bit disgusting.

"Yes. And one more thing."

\[What? What now?\]

"You have to give a separate down payment. Give me 5,000 coins."

Bihyung's expression tightened. \[Y-You really...\]

I laughed. Why a 'gap' was a 'gap' and why did humans dwell on it... I would let
that damn dokkaebi know.

\[The stream contract has concluded.\]

\[You have received 5,000 coins as a down payment.\]

The advertisement finished, and the constellations came back. Then I patted
the dokkaebi on the shoulder and said, "Let's get out of here."

Now was the real start.

  

* * *

\[1\] **Gap** and **Eul** are used to denote the larger and smaller contractor
\(respectively\) in a legal contract.


