### Chapter 115: Ep. 22 - Three Promises, VII

I got goose bumps as I heard the words that came out of the constellation's
mouth. Those who were crazy about stories ate the stories. This was the nature
of constellations.

\[Death is the end of the story. Just as a cow that has become a steak can't
revive, the dead can't revive. Their story is finished.\]

"I know there are exceptions."

\[They are false folklore. There are no exceptions.\]

It was a lie. There was a saying for this in Greek mythology. "Can you swear
on the Styx River?"

She naturally couldn't swear. For the first time, anger filled Persephone's
expression.

\[...The soul you believe in is just a crude lump of a story.\]

"I want that crude lump of a story."

\[A person who looks backwards in the Underworld will feel regret. You need to
understand that the time has passed.\]

If she was taking such a hard line then I had to use the trump card I had
saved.

"Queen-nim. Time isn't necessarily about 'going forward'. I thought you knew
that."

At this moment, the world turned grey. A vast killing intent filled the whole
hall. For a moment, I felt that I had seen Persephone's essence. My mouth
didn't open but I wanted to scream.

Souls didn't exist? Wasn't it my soul that was feeling creeped out right now?
Sweat dripped down my back as the killing intent disappeared.

Persephone smiled like nothing had happened. \[Huhu... how interesting. As
expected from the child that Olympus calls a singularity.\]

Her smile was subtly different from before. I could feel it without speaking.
From now on, I could get to my goal.

"I know it isn't just that. I have seen the Giant Soldier in development in
Tartarus. If you make a deal with me, you can shorten the time it takes to use
it..."

\[That is the story. Gigantomachia is an important issue but the Giant Soldier
can be completed on time without your help.\]

I was speechless for a moment. She was a truly formidable goddess. It was
Persephone's turn.

\[However, I might consider this deal if you tell me how you know the
information...\]

"It is difficult. To be honest, I don't know how to explain it."

I felt sorry for Shin Yoosung but this wasn't possible. My plans for the
future were finished if I revealed this. Persephone gazed into my eyes to
gauge the truth of my answer. Then she muttered in a strange voice.

\[Indeed,  ...\]

...What? The next second, the messages of the constellations exploded in my
ears.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is doubting his ears.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire''s eyes have widened.\]

\[The constellation Scribe of Heaven points out the Queen's rashness.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is immersed.\]

Persephone frowned.

\[The uninvited guests should stay quiet.\]

I asked with a shocked expression,

"What did you say just now?"

\[Ah, it isn't a big deal.\]

I was really confused.

...?

I couldn't pronounce it properly but her words sounded like filtered
information. It generally happened with information not made public yet in the
scenario. However, the filtering wasn't triggered if a person already knew the
information.

It didn't make sense. There was information I didn't know despite reading all
of Ways of Survival? No, maybe...

\[I'm sorry but I'll end the entertainment here. I have no reason to make the
deal with you. I can use other methods to find out your information.\]

The light reflected in a creepy manner off the knife. I didn't feel like
knowing why.

\[I keep thinking this but... you look delicious.\]

Persephone suddenly approached and grabbed my chin. I refrained from pushing
back my chair and smiled.

"Will you be able to handle the storm that will occur if you harm an
incarnation in the middle of the scenario?"

\[Hrmm. You are disrespectful. Do you think I can't afford this probability?\]

"The constellations watching me also won't tolerate it."

Persephone laughed. \[Do you think the king will be afraid of such trivial
constellations?\]

Of course, Hades deserved to be this arrogant. Still, the word 'trivial'
shouldn't be used in such a way.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' swings his rod as if he
has been provoked.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' pulls out her sword with cold
eyes.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is excited and encouraging the
situation.\]

Persephone also pulled out her power.

\[I see. Do you want to try it now?\]

The ceiling of the hall started to fill with dark clouds. Red and blue sparks
occurred like a thunderstorm and white flames spread throughout the banquet
hall. This was the battle between constellations.

A huge aura rose from Persephone's symbolic body. I would explode if this
continued.

I calmly opened my mouth. "You said you liked stories."

The atmosphere of the constellations softened for a moment at my words.

"Then how about a different deal?"

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is listening to your words.\]

Persephone stared at me.

"If you help me, I will show you the most interesting story in the world. A
story that is incomparable to the steak you just ate."

\[Does that mean I can eat it?\]

"If you like gourmet meals, I think no more meals are needed. This story will
be enough."

Persephone noticed what I was trying to say and laughed.

\[...Are you planning to take the money without letting me eat?\]

"I will let you have a taste. However, if you eat me now, you will regret it
for the rest of your life."

\[Why?\]

"You would think it would've been more delicious if you hadn't eaten it."

Persephone looked intrigued.

\[...How can you be so sure?\]

"I can stand against time-defying beings without a sponsor."

Persephone's eyes shook lightly.

"I have destroyed a returnee and prevented disasters without the help of the
god of this world. And so far, only five scenarios have passed."

Persephone's bit her lower lip in a tantalizing manner.

"As a living soul, I entered the Underworld and encountered you like this.
Aren't you curious about what I will do in the future?"

\[You speak very well. But...\]

Persephone lowered her gaze and continued.

\[It doesn't seem to be a deal?\]

"You can call it a courtship."

\[...Huh?\]

I smiled.

"I'm serious. I'll show you stories you have never seen before and stories
that you can't endure wondering about."

Maybe it was wrong to think about making deals with constellations. They were
those bound by eternity. They couldn't make serious deals with trivial
incarnations. If so, it was better to say ridiculous and far-fetched things.
At the very least, it would make an impression.

Like all myths, the gods were more moved by a handful of sincere words than a
hundred words of deceit. In fact, Persephone's expression wasn't bad at all.

\[Hrmm, it is difficult. This is why males are...\]

"Of course, it isn't courting you but courting the Father of the Rich Night."

Persephone's eyes widened at my words and she burst out laughing. She stepped
away from me and slowly crossed her legs to sit on the table. Her coy eyes
swept over my body.

\[How interesting.\]

It was frightening that she was posing like this with Yoo Sangah's body.
Persephone stared into the dark air and slowly closed her eyes. It was only a
moment but it felt like hours of heavy silence. I was about to choke on the
weight of the silence when she spoke.

\[I'll give you a task.\]

It finally came.

\[You want to show me an interesting story? If you succeed, I will let you
find the soul you want.\]

Then a system message popped up.

\[A new hidden scenario has been activated.\]

There were a few myths that came to mind when I heard her words. That reminded
me, Heracles performed something called the '12 Tasks'. Persephone's eyes
shone.

\[I want to see it once. The children of Olympus often do it but I haven't
been able to watch it since meeting my king.\]

"What task is it?"

\[Your task is to cut off the head of the snake.\]

"...Snake? Do you mean the snake with multiple heads?" I asked in a slightly
timid voice.

It was because 'that snake' was a 2nd grade monster. Persephone shook her
head.

\[I'm not talking about the hydra. Only Heracles can kill it. The snake you
have to kill is somewhere else.\]

"However, I can't go far because of the scenario."

\[Don't worry. The snake will be wherever you go.\]

Persephone lightly flicked her fingers and a screen popped up in the empty
air. There was the message that the channel was connected and I realized what
this screen was.

...Was this how the constellations watched us? A vast green forest filled the
entire screen. It wasn't long before I figured out what this place was. It was
the stage for the sixth scenario that was about to start. Wait a minute. What
was this?

 Ahjussi, pull out some of the wood over there and make a place to rest.
Aren't you good at that? 

 I'm not good at clearing land. Dumb female. 

I stared at the screen. The two people were the missing Gong Pildu and Han
Sooyoung. How was this possible? The sixth scenario hadn't started yet? I
could feel Persephone staring at me.

\[How about it? Do you want to try it? It might be hard but it is a worthy
task.\]

I recovered my spirit. I could sense the 'snake' that Persephone wanted me to
kill. I slowly nodded.

  

* * *

  

The incarnation left and darkness came to the hall.

Persephone remained alone, staring at the rest of the feast before opening her
mouth.

\[Clear it away. It doesn't taste good.\]

Hands appeared in the darkness and quickly took away the plates. Persephone
watched as the food went straight into the garbage can. Sword master, SSS-
grade hunter, 10th circle magician...

She was already tired of these delicious tastes. Then a voice came from the
darkness.

Persephone. Why did you do that?

It was like the space itself was talking.

\[Oh, my shy husband is finally talking.\]

I asked you why.

\[Hades, you wanted this.\]

I never said that.

Persephone stared into the darkness.

\[You rarely like incarnations. I think you particularly like that child. Am I
mistaken?\]

Why do you think so?

\[It was because you didn't kill him when he entered the Underworld.\]

The darkness was silent for a moment.

\[You always felt envious that Zeus had Heracles. This time, I read a bit of
your mind.\]

Persephone looked down at her hands for a moment before making a fist.

\[Honestly, it was amazing. There were some constellations I couldn't afford
to go against. They are all chasing after one incarnation...\]

A screen appeared in the darkness. However, the channel's signal was unstable
and the video didn't appear immediately. The darkness gazed at the screen and
opened its mouth.

There will soon be signs of the later days.

The later days. Persephone listened to these words and opened her mouth with a
mixture of distrust, doubt and anxiety.

\[...Will the later days really come?\]

Perhaps.

\[You will still be with me at that time right?\]

Hades didn't answer. The warm darkness just carefully wrapped around her
symbolic body. Persephone felt the darkness and said.

\[I am very excited to see what story that kid will show me.\]

Her eyes watched as Kim Dokja moved through the darkness to leave the
Underworld. Kim Dokja moved forward without looking back.

Persephone laughed lightly, as if he was cute.


