### Chapter 537: Epilogue 4 - The Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, II

"Run\! We only have to go a little bit further\!"

Han Sooyoung, along with her companions, broke through the waves of the
Constellations. The Ark scattered debris as it was destroyed, and revealed the
\[Final Wall\] in its full glory in the distance.

The grace of a Giant Story was enveloping the companions as if to protect
them.

\[Giant Story, 'One Who Rebels Against Fate', has begun its storytelling.\]

It was a new Giant Story they got to earn during this regression turn. Without
it, they would've died many times over.

They could see the figures of Constellations marching towards them from the
distance. Like enraged wild beasts, Myth-grade Constellations from <Vedas> and
<Papyrus> were rushing in their direction.

Unlike their previous regression turn, they didn't have 'Outer Gods'
supporting them this time.

Their combat force was in an overwhelmingly disadvantageous situation. The
only reason why they weren't pushed back even then, was because the strongest
ever group in existence made out of regressors was lending them support.

The ones taking on the frontlines were the Chinese and Indian Incarnations.

When China's Fei Hu gave his signal, Incarnations from his own force, \[Ah Q\]
yanked out their weapons simultaneously. As if he couldn't possibly lose here,
India's Ranvir Khan also joined the fray. The Incarnations from \[Trimurti\]
following after him pulled out their own spears too, and caused the sand storm
to violently rage on.

Then, \[Justice\] led by Selena Kim and \[Solzhenitsyn\] led by Iris who
tagged along with her took on both sides of the flanks.

Even then, their battle situation remained disadvantageous.

\[Go on ahead, I shall take care of this place.\]

\[If you fail to rescue my disciple, then consider your lives forfeit.\]

Kyrgios and the Breaking the Sky Saint, they too were part of the 100-strong
regressors. Weapons of these two swept across the battlefield, and the
Transcendents from Murim supported their rear and followed after the duo.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!

Both Kyrgios and the Breaking the Sky Saint had grown even stronger than
before through the regression; as if they were in competition against each
other, their sword strikes raucously shook the entire battlefield. The screams
of the Constellations being torn apart by the silver-hued storm reverberated
throughout the land.

The \[Wall\] needed to be opened while they were buying a little bit of time.

This wall had been opened once before.

Han Sooyoung looked up at the massive wall they had finally succeeded in
reaching and spoke up. "Jang Hayoung."

"Yes, ma'am."

As if she was waiting for it, Jang Hayoung extended her hand.

She was now the full-fledged 'King of Transcendents' after going through the
scenarios one more time.

\[The 'Wall of Impossible Communication' has discovered its intended
position.\]

The \[Final Wall\] began vibrating as if it was reacting to their Giant Story.

"Yoo Sangah."

Yoo Sangah nodded her head and stepped forward.

\[The 'Wall that Decides Samsara' has discovered its intended position.\]

\[You are... I see... You have journeyed this lengthy cycle of time and
eventually made your way back here, my arhat.\]

The Story of Sakyamuni quietly entered their ears. Sakyamuni of this world-
line easily accepted Yoo Sangah's existence. He had already repeated many,
many cycles of samsara, allowing him to gain an understanding of this
universe's rules.

"Jung Heewon, Lee Gilyoung."

The \[Wall That Divides the Good and Evil\] they received from 'Metatron' and
'Agares'.

Jung Heewon reached out first and placed her hand on the \[Final Wall\].

\[...Have you really come here, after witnessing what's beyond that wall?\]

Metatron of this world-line was deeply astonished by the companions'
existence. He accepted the eventual destruction of <Eden>, and admitted that
that result couldn't be changed. However, he made a slightly different
decision during this regression turn. The proof of that was the <Eden>'s
Archangels currently aiding the Incarnations. However, it wasn't only him who
made a bizarre choice.

\[How amusing. You dare to ask me, a Demon King, to hand over the \[Wall\] to
you.\]

The Demon Kings and the angels who fought against each other with murderous
intensity back in the Great War of Saints and Demons stood as their allies
this time. It was a choice based on their desire to survive, but nevertheless,
it proved to be a great help to <Kim Dokja's Company>.

\[The 'Wall That Divides the Good and Evil' has discovered its intended
position.\]

\[A great number of Constellations are unleashing their Status towards <Kim
Dokja's Company>\!\]

Of course, it wasn't as if every Constellation out there became their allies.
The absolute majority of <Star Stream> still remained as their enemies, and
those Constellations who chose to help were minuscule in number.

Even then, the Companions got this far safely. Although deep scars remained in
various parts of their bodies, not a single one was lost along the way.

This was only because no one got greedy and the end goal was the same for
everyone.

Han Sooyoung looked at Lee Hyunsung the last.

The burly man's back was carrying the pale-faced Kim Dokja. More specifically,
not Kim Dokja but an Avatar he left behind.

She looked at him and spoke. "Help us, Kim Dokja."

However, this man was also definitely Kim Dokja. Just like how the 1863rd
turn's Han Sooyoung was definitely 'Han Sooyoung'.

"The other me might not want this to happen. This story... it has ended back
then..."

Kim Dokja stammered. He had come to accept that he was Kim Dokja's Avatar by
now. Han Sooyoung quietly stared at him, before saying this.

"Why don't we ask that after meeting the other you?"

That brought a sad little smile on Kim Dokja's lips. He looked at Han
Sooyoung, then looked at the faces of the companions one by one.

"If this is... the story you wanted..."

His pale hand then touched the \[Final Wall\].

The last fragment of the Final Wall was \[The Fourth Wall\]. And as he was Kim
Dokja's Avatar, he too held a part of that key.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...\!

As if this world wasn't acknowledging his existence, Kim Dokja's body began
shaking unsteadily.

And soon after that, a portion of the wall opened up along with loud splitting
noises. Kim Dokja shaking around as if he was getting electrocuted blacked out
instantly. Lee Hyunsung continued to carry him on the back.

Yoo Joonghyuk dusting the blade of his Black Heavenly Demon Sword spoke up.
"Forward, at top speed."

Along with his signal, the companions began running forward.

"Everyone, stay strong\! Only a little bit more to go\!"

"We still have enough Life and Death Pills left, so even if you're only
slightly injured, please tell me right away\!"

The voices of the companions were encouraging each other. Han Sooyoung ran
while listening to them. A bright-white field of snow stretched before her
eyes. Letters piling up like snow could be seen here and there on this field.
She stepped on those letters and leapt up.

Did the 1863rd turn's her write this story in the revised version?

Did she think about Kim Dokja's story, and the epilogue to come after?

...She couldn't tell.

No matter what she tried, she simply couldn't remember that portion.

It was then, something fell and settled on her eyelashes. She reflexively
wiped it away, only for snowflake-like things to stain her hand.

...This girl, you told me that you were a penniless book lover, didn't you?

The white snowflakes of letters were scattering in the air. Sentences that
definitely existed there, but couldn't be seen because how pure-white their
colour was.

Han Sooyoung.

Han Sooyoung dazedly stared at that 'sentence' falling into her hand.

Your story, it...

This was Kim Dokja's sentence. Not just anyone, but Kim Dokja himself had
written this earnest impression. She gripped the sentence tightly. Just like
the starlight being pushed away by the breaking of dawn, the sentences
crumbled away within her hand.

Don't worry. I will read it. Even if it's over 3000 chapters.

These sentences, they were something she so desperately wanted to have.
Unfortunately, they weren't hers.

Memories were rushing in. Emotions that her other self had experienced.

Han Sooyoung could vividly feel them even now. The resentment that didn't know
which way to go was spreading within her mind.

Beyond this field of snow was where Kim Dokja could be found.

Kim Dokja, who made Kim Dokja who he was. Kim Dokja, who remembered the 'Ways
of Survival'. Kim Dokja, who chose the memories of the book he had written
over the memories of happier days...

"Goddammit... goddammit\!\!"

The novel that was written by her, who was also not her. That very novel saved
Kim Dokja, and also at the same time, it doomed him. And she now needed to
take responsibility for the conclusion to the tragedy her other self had
created.

It was around then that a faint flicker of light revealed itself from afar.

Ku-gugugugu...

She saw something busy rushing forward beyond this vast field of snow. The
companions looked at each other all at once. Not a single person here didn't
know what that thing was.

It was the subway.

"Chimera Dragon\!"

The Chimera Dragon loudly howled out as it got summoned, and took flight after
the companions got on its back. The creature scythed through the air and
reached the rear of the subway in an instant. Only a little bit remained now.
As long as they could bridge this gap, they...\!

\[Gyahhhhhhh\!\]

Suddenly, the Chimera Dragon screamed and lost its balance. The stunned Shin
Yoosung quickly took a look behind only to discover some 'things' were biting
onto the Dragon's tail.

Grrrrrr...\!

Large wild dogs resembling pitch-black shadows began biting into the Dragon's
tail and its wings. These creatures were appearing from a portal opening up in
the air. The Chimera Dragon's torn-off flesh got scattered away within the
white snowfield.

"Hounds Chasing After the Abyss??"

They had seen these creatures before. These hounds from another dimension
attacked the 'Secretive Plotter' and the characters from the 999th turn. They
were terrifying monsters that supposedly hunted down the wanderers of the
world-lines that violated the Probability.

But, why were these hounds attacking them now?

Yoo Joonghyuk gasped and spoke. "...It seems that they judged the 'Group
Regression' to be a danger to the world-line."

"Goddammit..."

The number of the hounds rushing outside the portal increased exponentially.

They even saw hounds with massive physiques, too. This level of attacking
force was truly unprecedented. And accompanied by the loud howl that
reverberated throughout the snowfield, the hounds kicked the air and pounced
on them simultaneously.

The moment the black clouds of hounds landed on the companions...

The heavens seemed to shatter along with the loud "RUMBLE\!\!"

The golden-coloured lightning crashed down and hounds were viciously cast
away. Yoo Sangah was the first to figure out who was behind the attack.

"Great Sage\!"

The golden rims were glowing gloriously. The master of the Ruyi Jingu Bang was
grinning confidently. \[Leave this to me.\]

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is unleashing his
Status\!\]

It wasn't just the Great Sage alone.

Some had followed the companions into the passageway of the \[Final Wall\]
left wide open.

\[This is my opportunity to show everyone what will happen if this great one
uses both of his hands\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', has removed all the seals on
himself\!\]

The noble flames of an Archangel were added to the mix and burned away at the
hounds. \[I may not be as strong as the 999th turn's me, but... there's no
problem buying you more time.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is rousing up the flames of
hell\!\]

The flames of \[Hellfire\] brilliantly danced upwards as pure-white wings
spread out. With a faint smile, Uriel spoke. \[I'll leave Kim Dokja in your
hands, Heewon-ah.\]

Using that fleeting opening the Constellations had created, the Chimera Dragon
finally managed to bite onto the rear of the subway. However, the vehicle's
hardy exterior didn't break even when the Dragon's fangs clamped down on it.

"Master\! With me\!"

Lee Jihye holding swords in both of her hands kicked off the Dragon's back and
leapt up.

Two swords were held in her grip  the \[Twin Dragon Sword\] of the Maritime
War God, and the \[Invincible Warrior's Sword\] from Goryeo's First Sword.

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Swordsman', is bestowing his blessing\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is cheering on his Incarnation\!\]

The Fourth Law.

Fourth Sword that Beheads the Emptiness.

It was the skill Cheok Jungyeong used while fighting against the
'Indescribable Distance'. Although still incomplete, Lee Jihye could use this
sword strike to some degree now. This miracle only came about due to the
hellish training she went through in the 'Isle of Reincarnators' as well as
her stunning innate talent.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

The subway's exterior that withstood a Dragon's fangs began to bend bit by bit
from her continuous sword strikes. Not missing that opening, Yoo Joonghyuk's
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] also made a move.

The Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

Secret Technique: Inner Mystery Transmission.

Shooting Star Slash.

The trajectory of destruction the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] drew slammed
into the rear of the subway.

Once the choking dust cleared out of their view, a small hole had appeared on
the train's rear.

"It's done\! Everyone, get in\!"

The companions rapidly infiltrated the subway's interior. More correctly, with
the exception of two people.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! Behind you\!\!"

Grrrrrr\!\!

The hounds that the Constellations failed to block were flooding in from
behind them. Yoo Joonghyuk unleashed all of his strength as a Transcendent to
face them head-on. He shouted out while smacking the hounds away with the
storm-like barrage of sword strikes.

"Go on ahead\! I shall catch up to you soon\!"

Han Sooyoung bit her lip.

It wasn't just anyone but Yoo Joonghyuk, the strongest among their group. As
he was a man who could fight evenly against a Myth-grade Constellation, he
wouldn't get done in by the hounds of the abyss that easily.

"...Don't get killed, okay?"

Han Sooyoung left those words behind and hurriedly entered the subway's
interior. It was as exactly the same as the interior of the third line train
they all remembered.

It was none other than that very same train, where they left Kim Dokja
behind.

Han Sooyoung quickly checked for the train cabin's information. Along with the
'Tsu-chuchut' noise, the cabin's number floated up.

She reflexively shouted out. "Kim Dokja is in the cabin number 3807\!
Everyone, get to the front\!"

This was a similar situation to back when they earned the Giant Story, 'Demon
Realm's Spring'. It seemed that the rest of the companions also realized this.

"This does resemble that time when we fought against Surya. I shall pry open
the door in front of us\!" Lee Hyunsung quickly rushed forward, and while
expanding every muscle on his body, he let out a mighty shout. "Haaaaaaahp\!"

The \[Great Mountain Push\] that had exceeded the skill proficiency was
activated, and the thick subway's door creaked loudly while being pushed open.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\['Stage Transformation' has been triggered\!\]

This Giant Story could only be completed because everyone worked together. And
the blessing of this Story was now aiding them.

When Lee Hyunsung couldn't open a door, Yoo Sangah found the button to operate
it, and when a door even she couldn't do anything about appeared, Lee Gilyoung
summoned his insects and wore out the internal parts to make way.

And so, they continued to open one, open two, and then, opened yet another
door. As the number of doors they managed to open grew higher, the expressions
of the companions were gradually getting heated up, too.

Kim Dokja was definitely beyond there.

Everyone in the group could feel it. The pitch-black door before them, it had
to be the \[Final Door\].

"...Urgh. It's impossible with my Stigma."

Unfortunately, this door didn't want to open unlike before.

"I can't find the button, either."

"Even the bugs say they can't figure out its structure."

"Should I use my skill to break it?"

They resorted to Lee Jihye's sword strikes as well as Lee Hyunsung's \[Great
Mountain Destruction\], but the door didn't budge an inch. The companions
could only look at each other. How come only this door refused to open up?

It was then that Yoo Sangah opened her mouth. "Everyone, wait. I think this
door is the same as the one Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi broke back in the past."

"Yoo Joonghyuk did that?"

"Yes. Back in the third regression turn, Joonghyuk-ssi broke this door and
entered..."

Han Sooyoung reflexively looked behind her. But Yoo Joonghyuk didn't come with
them. He was probably still fighting against the 'Hounds Chasing After the
Abyss' even now at the rear of the train.

It was right then that Shin Yoosung cried out. "Hounds are here\!"

Even before they had realized it, the hounds were already trying to sneak in
through the gaps they had destroyed.

Han Sooyoung's mind began racing. What happened to Yoo Joonghyuk? Could it be
that he got...?

"Block the rear\!"

"Eonni\! Hurry up\!"

There was no more time to think. Lee Hyunsung ran forward like a true tanker,
and started enduring against the hounds' fangs by entering \[Steel
Transformation\], while Lee Jihye and Jung Heewon unsheathed their swords to
smack away the creatures.

Jang Hayoung shouted out. "Han Sooyoung\! Do something\!"

Han Sooyoung approached the black door. When she placed her hand on it, faint
sparks began exploding. She slowly closed her eyes.

All of the sentences were, in actual reality, written by her hands. Even if
that was the 'other Han Sooyoung', that version was still undoubtedly Han
Sooyoung. So, this hand should be able to open this door, too.

Tsu-chuchuchuchuchu-\!

As if she was now re-writing the sentences, Han Sooyoung started messing with
the wall's Story.

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

The regressor Yoo Joonghyuk was her creation. That was why she should be able
to open this door, as well.

Unfortunately, Han Sooyoung didn't know.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

A story that had already left the author's hands was no longer under its
creator's control.

The universe of the 'Ways of Survival' flooded into Han Sooyoung's head. The
things she did write, and those she didn't. Stories that she imagined and
those she couldn't even have, crashed and churned in opposite directions
inside her mind all at the same time.

"Keuk...\!"

Blood trickled out from her eyes and mouth. The blood flow reversed, causing
her blood to pour out onto the subway's floor.

As her vision was dyed in crimson, Han Sooyoung turned to look back at her
companions. They were gradually spreading apart while fighting. And their
running footsteps imprinted on the subway's corridor remained there like
Stories.

\[You don't have the 'Overwrite' authority\!\]

An already-completed world was right before her eyes.

The voices of her companions calling out to her seemed so distant.

The world where the result devours the cause, and the cause devours the
result. The world where all possibilities exist, and the individual
possibility supports and maintains each other. A perfect, immortal epic where
a story manufactures a story all on its own.

She looked back, and the space before her began distorting along with a shower
of sparks. The subway's four-sided door slowly started spinning and drew a
circle. The door, now spinning viciously, became a pitch-black circle.

A perfect, complete circle that didn't permit any and all types of external
intrusions.

She tottered and reached out to this circle, but Han Sooyoung couldn't even
touch it. This circle now resembled a single full stop. A full stop announcing
that the story was truly complete, just like this.

t l s 1 2 3

And this full stop was now addressing her.

Y o u ca nn ot cha nge th is sto ry


