### Chapter 217: Ep. 41 - Real Revolutionary, III

...Really?

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking closely at
your face.\]

Did the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal really come?

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is narrowing his eyes at
your attire.\]

I felt a strange sense of stability from the gaze. It was a strange feeling to
feel at ease from someone watching me.

"Prisoner of the Golden Headband."

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking at you.\]

The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal had yet to notice. He wasn't certain if I was
Kim Dokja or not. Maybe it was due to the story covering my face. I thought
for a moment before deciding to give him confidence. "That's right. It's me."

Silence filled the air. It was a tight silence like someone was taking a
breath. After a while...

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is shocked by your
identity\!\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is asking how you are
alive.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is wondering why you are
here.\]

The message that flew only at me seemed like it was covering the sky.

 The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal. He isn't part of the absolute good or
absolute evil system. He is of the neutral system. He is playful but also
indifferent. He doesn't easily connect with other constellations due to his
temperament... 

This was the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal that I knew from Ways of Survival. One
of the strongest constellations in Ways of Survival, who fought against
numerous constellations and built up a ridiculous myth-grade story. Even so,
he died a lonely person without any deeps bonds to the end.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband'...\]

I listened to the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal's messages while slowly closing
my eyes. It was important to trust the information I knew. However

"The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal."

"...I'm glad to see you again."

The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal was silent for quite a long time. We might both
be constellations but he had a presence I couldn't catch. Even so, at this
moment, I felt like the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal was right in front of me.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has sweet lips for a
long time.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is repeatedly grabbing
and releasing his hair.\]

The next moment, something fell from the sky. I unintentionally caught it.

...It was the hair of the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal. I couldn't help laughing.
Perhaps this was how the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal showed his trust in
someone.

\[Your understanding of the constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband'
has slightly increased.\]

I spoke towards the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal. "The fact that I'm here is a
secret. Do you understand?"

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is nodding.\]

The constellation was better than I thought and he would keep my secret well.
"By the way, how did you come here...?"

Before I could finish speaking, one wall of a collapsed building tilted and
someone appeared. It was Jang Hayoung who appeared with dirt falling from him.
Fortunately, the fighter was still unharmed.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! Are you okay?"

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is making a strange
expression.\]

That reminded me, I was still selling Yoo Joonghyuk's name. It was time to
tell my real name to Jang Hayoung...

I asked about the outside situation. "How is it outside?"

"...It isn't good."

I thought I knew what was going on. The industrial complex was shaking like
there was an earthquake. Screams of the citizens came from all over the place
and Jang Hayoung's expression hardened. "The duke is turning the industrial
complex into a ruin while looking for you."

It would be strange if this place wasn't turned into a wasteland. Once the
duke started the Factory, there was no way to stop it. However, it was
impossible for me to retreat now.

"How are the executioners?"

"There is only one left. He is good at running..."

The blood of the demons on Jang Hayoung's cheeks covered up the aura of a
fighter. It was a remarkable achievement considering the short time.

"Take care of the remaining one. Then the duke..."

As I spoke, sparks appeared around my face. My knees instantly lost strength.

"Hey\! You..." The amazed Jang Hayoung ran over and grabbed my shoulder. My skin
started cracking apart.

\[Your broken story is collapsing.\]

\[The exile penalty will resume.\]

\[The durability of your incarnation body is at a dangerous level\!\]

...This damn incarnation body wasn't easy. The nickname of 'sunfish' might fit
me more than Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Biyoo."

\[Baat\!\]

I called out and Biyoo's fingers moved through the air. Then a scenario
message popped up.

\[A new sub scenario has arrived\!\]

\[Sub Scenario - Story Repair\]

Category: Sub

Difficulty level: D

Clear Conditions: Restore the durability of your incarnation body to a certain
level.

Time Limit: None

Compensation: None

Failure: 

It was a scenario I had requested from Biyoo in advance. Originally, it would
be impossible to use the sub scenarios for personal gains. A formal channel of
the bureau would've never allowed it.

\[The sub scenario has alleviated the exile penalty.\]

Thanks to Biyoo's scenario, the anguish of my incarnation body was reduced.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is interested in the way
you use the scenario.\]

\[800 coins have been sponsored.\]

Normally I would've received a barrage of criticism from other constellations
but in this case, there wasn't a fuss because there was no compensation. In
any case, now I was an exile and had to constantly receive scenarios. I had to
stick to this until I entered the main scenario.

\[The acquisition of a sub scenario has delayed the collapse of your
incarnation body.\]

I barely managed a sigh and met the worried eyes of Biyoo. I deliberately
smiled.

I'm fine so don't worry.

Biyoo moved her head and disappeared again. She had to manage the scenario
throughout the industrial complex so Biyoo would be feeling hectic right now.

The sparks around my body fell silent and Jang Hayoung asked, "...Are you really
okay?"

"I can hold on. Where is Aileen?"

"She is with Mark. They are evacuating the citizens."

It was a wise choice. It was too unreasonable for the citizens to fight back
as long as the Factory was in operation. If I didn't know the real
revolutionary was hiding somewhere...

I moved and could see the atmosphere covered with fine dust. There were the
bodies of the fallen nobles and the citizens.

"...Is it going to end like this?" Jang Hayoung looked at the shadow of the
Factory in the distance and bit his lips. The transformed Factory looked like
a giant. It was an old giant spewing smoke from a chimney on its head. The
giant's hand pulled out something from a nearby building.

"Kuaaack\!"

The dying noble struggled as he was caught by the hands of the Factory.
Looking closer, it was the marquis I fought before.

"Duke\! Duuuuuke\!" He shouted painfully before being crushed in the Factory's
fuel engine.

There was the sound of teeth grinding. Heavy flames emerged from the power
plant side of the Factory as if it was satisfied. Now I was able to determine
how the duke operated the Factory. Jang Hayoung spoke in a weak voice. "Using
his own men as a source of power... how can he do that?"

"It means he doesn't care about the industrial complex anymore.

"...Why? Isn't this his industrial complex?"

I activated Lamarck's Giraffe instead of replying. It was to temporarily
restore my body by using story fragments.

 Kim Dokja thought: This guy is determined to become the 'demon king'. 

A large voice burst out from the head of the Factory and challenged the sky.

\[Look constellations\! This is what you want\!\]

It was the appearance of a duke fully absorbed in the story he was making. How
old was he and how many years had he lived?

All beings might just be children in front of the story. The duke's words
caused more constellations to enter Biyoo's channel.

\[Very few constellations are curious about Duke Syswitz' actions.\]

Maybe this was what I looked like. I was reminded of something.

 "It is easy to attract the attention of the constellations. However,
creating a good scenario is difficult." 

It was something the Dokkaebi King in Ways of Survival had once said. I
thought this saying was correct. Then I had a thought.

What was a good scenario? No, did it even exist?

"If we leave...\!"

"Just wait a bit."

I stopped Jang Hayoung and looked up at the Factory. The Factory and the
'story weapons' produced an unusual force that couldn't be tolerated by the
existing probability. In other words, it was perfect for a self-destructive
scenario.

As expected, sparks burst from the joints of the randomly operating Factory. I
explained to Jang Hayoung. "Maybe his 'persuasion energy' is lacking. It won't
last long if he only has a few nobles."

The factory's persuasion energy that was its fuel was made of countless story
fragments. The story weapons consumed the persuasion energy and temporarily
overcame the probability. It was easy to say that the Factory was similar to
my current incarnation body.

Soon it would be caught up in a probability storm...

However, unlike what I thought, the movements of the Factory didn't become
dull.

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is looking at Syswitz with
pleased eyes.\]

\[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat'is delighted with Syswitz' destruction.\]

\[A few constellations are willing to pay for the probability.\]

...Damn, it was like this. There were those who paid the probability.

\[Where is the revolutionary hiding?\]

Once again, there was a huge earthquake and the citizens screamed in an awful
manner. I leaned against the building for a moment before slowly walking
forward.

Jang Hayoung hurriedly grabbed my arm. "You will die if you go now\! Can't you
see that?"

I measured the durability of my incarnation body.

 Do I have enough power to get rid of this enemy? 

I didn't know.

 Can I kill it if I use Electrification and Way of the Wind?

I still didn't know. "Jang Hayoung, kill the last executioner. I'll somehow
take care of the rest."

Jang Hayoung stuttered at my words. "W-Why are you going so far? You can run
away\! You aren't a real revolutionary\!"

"I hate this damn story."

"...What?"

"It's so obvious."

I ran towards the Factory. The streets were mostly deserted. Most citizens
were trapped inside their houses and holding their breaths. I looked at the
scene and remembered Yoo Joonghyuk of the 111th regression.

 The industrial complex's last Night arrived and the revolutionary didn't
appear. 

...Yes, this was expected.

 However, I wished for a different story. 

Suddenly, a citizen bleeding against a wall reached out towards me.

"Re, volutionary..."

What revolution? What was all this about? Why did so many people have to die?
Why did this scenario exist?

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is staring at you.\]

\[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is yelling towards you.\]

\[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames' wants your
destruction.\]

The constellations sent messages towards me. Biyoo struggled as she was forced
to send the messages towards me. I waved my hand to indicate that it was fine.
Honestly, I wasn't fine before but now I was good.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking at you.\]

At the very least, one person was on my side.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' wants you to smash that
damn scrap heap.\]

I flew into the air.


