### Chapter 242: Ep. 45 - Gourmet Association, VI

There were 10 constellations gathered here. I didn't know where the remaining
four were but maybe they were scattered somewhere in the scenario area.

\[If you don't yield...\]

\[I'll eat you too.\]

The true voices of the constellations flowed from the mouths of the evil
spirits. I didn't hesitate and infused magic power into the sword.

\[The exclusive skill 'Purest Sword Force Lv. 8' has been activated.\]

It was Iris' magic power instead of mine. Still, Iris was an incarnation who
came all this way and her potential was considerable. The white energy was
added to Eoren's Sword and the aura around it became more abundant.

Eoren's Sword was a weapon that could deal a powerful blow to evil spirits for
10 minutes. However, a powerful weapon didn't necessarily mean I would
dominate this place.

A constellation saw my sword and laughed.

\[Hahah, slow down\! Small constellation. Please entertain these old
people\!\]

\[What old people? I haven't lived 500 years yet. There are those older than
us.\]

Was it because this was the first time I was attached to a young girl's body?
My sword could only draw a clumsy trajectory through the air.

The constellations might not be able to use all their power but a
constellation was a constellation. They ranged from historical-grade to
lesser-grade.

The constellations who gathered to become evil spirits released their status.
Iris' movements started to stiffen as the 10 constellations released their
energy. Her body thrashed like she was caught in an invisible spider web. The
spiders who trapped her were approaching.

I looked at Iris' body that was trembling regardless of my will and bit my
lips. It was always like this but this time would be different.

\[Don't look down on me. I am also a constellation.\]

So far, I had never properly released my status. I had been fighting my way
through the Demon Realm scenario in a sick state. However, I had been steadily
recovering my stories while riding on the Gourmet Association's carriage.
Thus, I might not be at a 100% state but I could use a 'status' that was
almost equal to it.

\[The constellation 'status' is released.\]

Some of my stories started responding to the situation.

\[The historical-grade story 'Gourmet Association Heretic' is rebelling
against the surrounding oppression\!\]

\[The legendary-grade story'Demon King of Salvation' is responded to
incarnation Iris' situation\!\]

The surrounding ground was split apart with a loud sound and the nearby forest
shook. The constellations were astonished by the flood of sparks in the area.

In this scenario, the descended constellations could only use 10% of their
power. On the other hand, I used 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' instead of
'advent' and was able to release my original status.

\[How can a newcomer have this much status?\]

\[...Is this really the 'advent' state?\]

The constellations didn't know this fact and were almost terrified. They were
mistaking the current status as 10% of my original strength. It was the reason
I was pushing myself in such an unreasonable manner.

\[Either die or get lost. Choose one or the other.\]

I had to get them right not before they stopped being fooled.

\[C-Cheeky bastard...\!\]

\[...The Star Stream is really wide. Where did a guy like this pop up from?\]

Some of the constellations shrank back from the pressure I gave off while
others were burning with enthusiasm.

\[Ahahaha\! The best dish. Today's Gourmet Association Festival is the
best\!\]

The constellations emitted terrible shrieks and the arms of the evil spirits
stretched towards this side. I hurriedly stepped back and swung my sword but
couldn't cut off the incoming arms. Iris' voice was heard in my head.

'S-Sorry\! I'm a terrible swordsman...\!'

Shit. This was why my movements were like this. Blood splashed as Iris was
wounded. Did they realize something from my movements? The momentum of the
constellations was changing.

\[...Something is strange?\]

The constellations spread out and carried out sporadic attacks using the
bodies of the evil spirits. I tried to defend by swinging the sword but it
wasn't easy since Iris' swordsmanship skill level was too low.

The result was quite different from when I was in Yoo Joonghyuk's body. Once
again, I realized how great Yoo Joonghyuk was.

\[Indeed. only that guy's status is high. Get rid of him\!\]

\[There is no need to worry about the sword. Hahaha, today we will eat\!\]

The worst situation that I wanted to somehow avoid was unfolding. The attacks
of the evil spirits flew from everywhere. There was a small scythe that grazed
my legs. A boomerang turned around and aimed at my back. A long spear pierced
through a gap and struck my side. In less than a minute, Iris' body was
covered with wounds and bruises.

My physical strength was rapidly dropping. I hurriedly opened Bookmark and Way
of the Wind but it felt awkward in Iris' body. Eventually, my footsteps became
twisted up and I was disoriented. The constellations aimed for this short gap
and stretched out their arms towards me.

"Kuek..."

Iris was caught by the neck and hung helplessly in the air.

\[You have bad luck, newcomer.\]

The constellations acted like it was over as they opened their mouths.

\[It is eating time.\]

Grotesque fangs grew and digestive juices dripped from their mouths. Since
they could customize the appearance of the evil spirits, it was really the
worst taste.

I opened my mouth without hesitation. "I will activate the fifth bookmark."

In fact, I didn't want to use this skill here. I wasn't sure if Iris' body
could endure it, nor did I want to consume an excessive amount of probability.
Nevertheless, there was no other way.

\[The fifth bookmark is activated.\]

The moment that Bookmark was activated, an unexpected message arrived.

\[The skill is not suitable for this person.\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Miniaturization' is cancelled.\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Electrification' is cancelled.\]

The power of Bookmark disappeared with the sound of sparks. Sometimes a skill
wasn't compatible with the chemistry of the body. But why did it have to
happen now? I never expected this.

\[Is this your last hurrah? Yes, give it a try.\]

Along with the ridiculing voice, a long tongue slipped out from the mouth of
the evil spirit and started to strangle Iris' throat. My prayers were blocked
and I turned blue. I could feel Iris' consciousness blurring. The connection
with Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint was weakening.

\[The attribute effect has accelerated your thinking ability.\]

Dozens of thoughts crossed my mind during this crisis until something was
caught in the net.

...I didn't know if it was possible. My understanding of the character was still
low. Still, I could try it.

"I will release Knight of Revolution Mark Javier from the sixth slot."

I released my 'status' as much as possible and instantly escaped from the
capture of the constellation. Then I continued speaking. "I will place the
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint Namgung Minyoung in that spot."

\[The number six bookmark is activated.\]

An immense presence permeated me. I felt all the things I've read, felt and
experience become one and nestle in my body.

\[Your understanding of this person is insufficient\!\]

It felt like the first time I loaded Kyrgios Rodgraim.

\[W-What...?\!\]

\[...What power is this?\]

Astonishment filled the eyes of the Gourmet Association constellations.

\[The level of the character is too high to fully reproduce the skill level.\]

\[The level of the character is too high so only a part of the skill is
activated.\]

\[The duration of the bookmark is reduced due to a low understanding of the
character.\]

The original Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship was a skill that could only be
used by women.

Yoo Joonghyuk overcame it with effort but it was unreasonable for me.

\[Your current body configuration is similar to the physical makeup of the
character in question.\]

To be exact, it would've been impossible with my original body.

\[The exclusive skill 'Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship' Lv. 10 \(+1\) has been
activated.\]

Thunder fell from the sky and nestled in Eoren's Sword. I released the maximum
amount of power possible at the optimum time. Everything was over before the
constellations even noticed the situation.

\[The exclusive skill 'Breaking the Sky Thunder Sword' Lv. 10 \(+1\) has been
activated.\]

The blue thunder that could overturn the earth flew from the sky and struck
everything in the area. The words of Ways of Survival passed through my head.

 The Murim don't consider the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint as one of the 10
Grand Masters. 

The bodies of the evil spirits scattered into ashes without even screaming.

 The Murim people think of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint as a type of
disaster. 

Born as a small human and facing the constellations after hard work. This was
the strength of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, a disaster of Murim.

\[The skill has exceeded the talent of the incarnation body.\]

I felt something twisting as blood flowed. The result was obvious. It was a
force that Iris and I couldn't use because we weren't transcendents. The sky
blinked like a power failure had occurred.

The dazzling thunderbolts disappeared and there were no evil spirits left in
the surroundings.

\[The constellation 'Brash Swamp Predator' has been eliminated from the
scenario.\]

\[The constellation 'Tranquil Island Gourmet' has been eliminated from the
scenario.\]

\[The constellation 'Forgotten Lord of Envy' has been eliminated from the
scenario.\]

...

\[A total of 10 constellations have been eliminated from the scenario.\]

\[You have earned an unbelievable achievement\!\]

\[A series of impossible feats have been accomplished in a row\!\]

I was barely breathing as I looked up at the sky.

\[The Star Stream is paying attention to your achievements.\]

\[A new story for you is being prepared.\]

The constellation's status might've been extremely limited but they still
massacred the incarnations. Thus, there was no way I wouldn't get a story.

Blood emerged from my mouth while pouring simultaneously from my ears and
nose. Blood poured out from many holes and I almost became used to the taste.
Fortunately, the probability allowed by the Gourmet Association meant I could
still endure.

I plastered Iris' broken body with fragments of the story. The shock from the
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's technique had already caused Iris'
consciousness to disappear.

\[Constellations of the Gourmet Association are astonished by the contents of
the scenario.\]

\[Some constellations of the Gourmet Association have become hostile to you.\]

I knew I would be hated. However, there was always something to gain from
losing something.

\[Some constellations of the Gourmet Association are very curious about your
story.\]

\[Some constellations of the Gourmet Association feel favourable towards
you.\]

I stumbled away with Iris' body and headed towards the volcano. Iris would
survive once this scenario was completed. In order to complete the scenario, I
had to throw the bracelet into the volcano lava.

There wasn't much distance remaining. 40 steps, 30 steps, 20 steps...

My face became hot as I neared the lava. The cliff that I could throw the
bracelet was clear when I felt someone's presence. I expected them to appear
now. There were still four evil spirits that I hadn't finished off.

\[Demon King of Salvation, you are doing something really interesting.\]

The familiar voice entered my ears as I tightly gripped Eoren's Sword. I
looked back and a familiar looking girl stood there. She was an evil spirit
but her basic appearance hadn't changed at all.

I opened my mouth. "Asmodeus."

Asmodeus was ecstatic, as if feeling pleasure that his name was called.

\[...Ah, let me call you again.\]

The person who damaged Yoo Joonghyuk's body and was the main culprit behind
the third round failing.

I felt Asmodeus' status slowly approaching. This was the power of only 10%. As
expected, one of the 72 demon kings was on a different dimension.

I took a step back and vigilantly watched my surroundings. It was still a
difficult situation. Even if I removed this guy, there were still three more
evil spirits remaining. My chances of winning were gone if they came. So
before that...

\[Don't be so vigilant. There are no other constellations.\]

Three small heads were hanging from the small hands of the smiling Asmodeus.
The black cloak billowed around the severed heads. They weren't the heads of
incarnations.

A chill rose very slowly from the tip of my toes. In this brief moment, I
understood why Asmodeus was described as a madman in Ways of Survival. There
was a cold smile on Asmodeus' face that was smeared with the blood of
constellations.

\[I devoured all of them.\]


