### Chapter 37: Ep. 9  Omniscient Sunfish, I

After a while, we moved towards the entrance of the 'hidden dungeon' on the
first underground floor. I walked behind Lee Jihye, Lee Gilyoung and Jung
Heewon while looking at my smartphone.

...In the midst of the splitting headache, Yoo Joonghyuk came to his senses.

'Give up on this life'.

This was the end of Yoo Joonghyuk's eighth life. 

It couldn't be. This hadn't happened yet.

...Shit, why was this guy doing this on only the third life? If he moved
carefully like his second life, he would've passed through the mid-to-late
scenarios.

I raised my eyes to see Jung Heewon looking at me.

"Dokja-ssi, what are you looking at?"

"...Ah, the calendar... This situation has made me lose my sense of the date."

I actually thought it might be more interesting to look at the calendar.
Sometimes I wondered how I finished reading this novel.

Jung Heewon looked at me suspiciously before turning her head towards Lee
Jihye.

"Then... did you say your name was Jihye? Do you also use a sword?"

"Yes. I like the sword."

"Right? The sword is the best. It has a good taste."

"...Unni also knows the taste?"

Jung Heewon smiled as she watched Lee Jihye's sword. It was a luxurious sword
that obviously flowed smoothly. Maybe it was given by Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Your sword looks good."

"Ah, Master gave it to me. Unni...?"

"My one... I-I like mine as well."

Jung Heewon looked down at the groll horn blade and then sneaked a peek at the
sword on the other person's waist.

I didn't do anything wrong but I couldn't help feeling sorry. I had no choice
but to hang something on Lee Jihye.

"Hey, why are you talking to Heewon-ssi but ignoring me?"

"Uh... that, I'm a bit weak to older females."

Lee Jihye responded with a quivering voice and Jung Heewon gave her a
headlock, as if Lee Jihye was cute. There seemed to be a connection between
the 'demon slayers'. Lee Jihye barely escaped from the headlock and asked.

"By the way, why are you rescuing Master?"

"We are companions."

"Don't talk nonsense."

"He is a useful guy."

"...You sound like Master."

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is wondering about your heart.\]

Come to think of it, it wasn't just Lee Jihye but the constellations as well
who must be wondering about my actions. He was a guy who would kill me if he
got a chance. It was strange that I would run to save him.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' likes your desire to
rehabilitate a fallen friend.\]

\[100 coins have been sponsored.\]

This one misunderstood me. But the Demon-like Judge of Fire... unlike the
expectations of the Archangel Uriel, I had a deeply personal reason for saving
Yoo Joonghyuk.

It was to prevent him from 'regressing' after his death.

Regression after death. It sounded good. A 'regression stigma' that triggered
every time you died. The protagonist had a fraudulent ability.

The problem was that this ability invoked complicated thoughts in the
surrounding cast.

By the way, what happens to the world after you return? 

A supporting actor had asked this of Yoo Joonghyuk when Yoo Joonghyuk's number
of lives had broken into the double digits. I forgot his name but Yoo
Joonghyuk's answer from that time was clear.

 ...I also don't know. I always choose a world where more people can live. 

It was plausible but in fact, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't know about the world he
abandoned. In face, there was no definite theory about what happened to the
world in Ways of Survival.

Science, magic, whatever.

This was why I was anxious. What happened to the world after the regressor
disappeared?

Would it reset with the regression? Or would a parallel universe branch off?
The latter would be fortunate, but if it was the former...

"Hyung?"

"Ah, yes?"

Lee Gilyoung, who was holding the hem of my clothes, looked up at me with
anxious eyes.

"I think we're here?"

\[You are approaching the outside region. Be careful not to leave the scenario
area.\]

This message popped up. It didn't matter. Chungmuro's hidden dungeon was
treated as an 'inside' area.

We turned the corner and Exit 1 appeared. A dungeon entrance with an ominous
shade greeted us.

\[You have found a hidden dungeon\!\]

\[This dungeon has already been discovered by someone. You can't get the first
discovery achievement.\]

\[A new hidden scenario has arrived\!\]

\[Hidden Scenario  Theatre Dungeon\]

Category: Hidden

Difficulty: A-

Clear Conditions: Defeat the master of Theatre Dungeon.

Time Limit: None

Compensation: 4,000 coins

Failure: 

The surprised Lee Jihye hesitated and stepped back.

"...What is this? Theater Dungeon?"

Lee Gilyoung looked startled. Well, this must be the first time they
encountered a hidden scenario. Jung Heewon also spoke.

"A movie theatre as a dungeon... it sounds romantic."

Romantic. This was only because she didn't know how scary the movie theatre
could be. We entered the theatre. The familiar lobby of the multiplex welcomed
us.

\[You have entered Theatre Dungeon.\]

We were tense as we entered the bleak dungeon. It was a multiplex consisting
of nine floors, from B1 to the 8th floor.

"Hyung, the posters are torn. Who would do that?"

"I'm not sure."

I said this but I actually knew the truth.

The core of this 'Theatre Dungeon' were the 'posters' on the wall. Perhaps Yoo
Joonghyuk defeated every poster as he went upstairs. His intentions were to
sweep up all the rewards.

Except for the torn posters, nothing strange was found on B1. There were no
items and no monsters. The only exception was the smashed elevator in one
corner with a distrted door.

Lee Jihye asked.

"Isn't this a dungeon? Why isn't there anything?"

"Something will appear."

"...Do you know something?"

"A little."

"How? Something is fishy about ahjussi. Is this your second life?"

That was her master. But he had lived three times.

Then Jung Heewon said, "It is due to the sponsor behind Dokja-ssi."

"...Really?"

I ignored the two women and tried to move to the ground floor when I was
caught by Lee Gilyoung. The cockroach on his head was moving wildly. Lee Jihye
drew her sword at almost the same moment I covered her mouth with a hand.

"Shhh, there is somebody else besides us."

I breathed out while small sounds started to be heard. Just upstairs. Then...
the lobby? I first thought it was Yoo Joonghyuk but it wasn't Yoo Joonghyuk's
voice.

"...Are you sure? Here... there are a bunch of things."

"Yes. I bought the information with 1,000 coins."

"The prophets?"

"Yes. They are disgusting but the information is obvious."

I heard the sound of people talking. We went up the escalator and approached
them. It seemed that four people were gathered in the lobby on the 1st floor.

Lee Jihye whispered, "Who are they? I never once saw their faces in
Chungmuro."

"Maybe they came from the ground side entrance."

"Ground side? Isn't that filled with poisonous fog? Furthermore, the
scenario"

"Different stations have different scenarios at different speeds. There are
those who have finished the scenario faster than our station. If there is a
weak poisoning, they can eat the meat from the underground species."

I said this but I was confused.

'Prophets?'

There was no information about such people in Yoo Joonghyuk's life. At this
point, Yoo Joonghyuk and I should be the only ones who knew about the hidden
dungeon.

What caused the variables? Needless to say, I needed to find out.

"Then let's go inside."

A blue spotlight was floating above the men talking. A bright light surrounded
them and then they disappeared.

"...What happened to them?"

Jung Heewon asked me but I didn't answer. Instead, I was searching the posters
on the wall. This was torn, that as well... by the time I reached the end of the
wall, only one wasn't torn. I read the words written on the poster.

Steven Spielberg, Samuel L Jackson, Jeff Goldblum...

That bastard Yoo Joonghyuk... he left this one alone? As expected from the third
regression.

At that moment, the light came on again. This time, the spotlight was aimed on
us. The surprised Lee Jihye and Lee Gilyoung stepped back, but there was no
way to avoid it. The word 'ray' suited it.

I asked Jung Heewon, "Heewon-ssi likes movies?"

"Of course. Do you usually like it?"

"You might hate it after this."

"What do you"

\[You have been hit by a projection light.\]

\[The screening will begin.\]

The surrounding landscape started to slowly change. It wasn't a simple
illusion so Fourth Wall wasn't activated as before. The old linoleum floor
became covered with green bushes, while the reception desk and popcorn stand
turned into a lush rainforest. The ceiling turned into a blue sky with no
clouds and no end in sight. Lee Jihye muttered in a small voice.

"Where the hell is this place?"

Lee Jihye shouted and hacked at the surrounding trees and bushes, but nothing
changed. Lee Gilyoung started looking for insects with a calm expression.

I tried to touch the nearby trees. It had a hard and moist texture. It was a
real rainforest from the Mesozoic era. This was a different realism from the
specter's Phantom Prison. This was the power of the theatre master on the
dungeon's 8th floor.

"It is a movie."

"...Really ridiculous things are happening."

A novel had become reality. There was no law that a movie couldn't become
reality as well.

Jung Heewon was a fast adaptor and quickly understood.

"Ahjussi, what movie is this?"

"You'll know soon."

"...Can't you just let me know? Wait a minute, what is this kid doing...?"

At this moment, the shrubbery moved and something jumped out in front of Lee
Gilyoung. An insect that resembled a giant praying mantis. The size was
approximately 40cm. Lee Jihye was terrified and cried out.

"Hey Kid\! Back away\!"

However, Lee Gilyoung responded calmly to the fuss.

"It isn't a praying mantis. It is a Titanoptera from the Triassic period.

"What?"

Lee Gilyoung stretched out his hand to the titano. The insect didn't refuse
the touch and after a moment, Lee Gilyoung and the insect's body was wrapped
in a blue light.

Lee Jihye watched with a stupid expression.

"This... what?"

"Fabre."

It really was good that I brought Lee Gilyoung. This guy's ability might allow
us to pass through the gateway more easily.

The giant praying mantis moved its big mouth and Lee Gilyoung nodded. I didn't
know what it involved but they were having a conversation. After a while, Lee
Gilyoung paled as he talked to the praying mantis.

...What was it?

Lee Gilyoung hurriedly turned to me.

"Hyung\!"

As he spoke, the sound of the earth shaking was heard. It seemed that
something was coming at a tremendous speed, smashing the huge palm trees.

Kuoooooh\!

The muzzle of the giant reptile that appeared through the rainforest was
covered with reddish blood. Some bloody men were running in front of it. It
was the men who entered before us.

"Kuaaack\!"

"S-Save me\!"

Lee Jihye stepped back and spoke to Jung Heewon.

"I know what movie this is."

"...Yes, me too."

A body that was over a dozen meters tall and hard skin. Fierce muscles
dominated the entire body. The strongest predator of the Mesozoic Era was in
front of us.

At first glance, it was similar to a grade 7 monster. The difficulty level was
atrocious considering this was the 1st floor of the dungeon. But my heart just
thumped. The harder the hidden dungeon, the better the reward.

I pulled out a blade and said, "Get ready to fight."

Maybe Yoo Joonghyuk skipped only this movie because of the contents. The main
reward of Theater Dungeon was related to the movie contents. Yoo Joonghyuk
probably thought there weren't any worthy rewards in a movie where dinosaurs
appeared. But he didn't know.

In this movie, a really important reward was hidden.

"...Are you serious? We are going to fight that?"

"We need to beat it to make an exit."

"The exit?"

"It is a long movie. Have you forgotten?"

A T-rex was approaching quickly. The island's central laboratory was seen
behind it. And an escape helicopter was on the rooftop of the laboratory.

This was a movie. A movie that the master of Theater Dungeon made into
reality.

Therefore, there was only one way to escape from here.

"Let's make a great ending."


