### Chapter 538: Epilogue 4 - The Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, III

The sentence floated up to the air. When she heard the voice that utterly
ignored spelling rules or word spacing, Han Sooyoung grew deeply flustered.

"Y-you are...?"

She did hear some things about this voice from Kim Dokja in the past.

 Right, that guy can also speak.

 ...A skill can talk??

 Well, I admit it kinda talks in a funny way, but you can still more or less
understand it.

She had no idea that one day she'd get to hear that voice herself.

"The Fourth Wall??"

When called out, the spinning circle began to cackle.

Y o u lot ca nn ot pa ss he re the great one do es n't wa nt it

...'The great one'?

She had heard of that title somewhere before.

Tsu-chuchuchuchuchut\!

The Probability's sparks wildly exploded and the companions all screamed out.
The vicious storm of aftermath even managed to blow away the 'Hounds Chasing
After the Abyss' outside the subway.

\['The Final Wall' is not permitting your group's entry.\]

\[Your group does not have the qualifications to meet the 'Oldest Dream'.\]

The pain akin to their bodies being shredded apart into tiny bits slammed into
them. This was no doubt a ploy to push the companions outside the subway.

T his is t h e fi nal stop

One of Han Sooyoung's knees was bent in an abnormal direction. However, she
didn't even scream once and simply glared at the pitch-black circle right
before her eyes.

"I'll decide when and where I get off."

The 1865th turn's Han Sooyoung didn't select the 'Abyssal Black Flame
Dragon'.

An unbelievable level of forceful aura flooded out from her entire figure.

Han Sooyoung became a Constellation on her own.

\[Constellation, 'Architect of the False Last Act', is revealing her
Status\!\]

It was the same Modifier that the 1863rd turn's Han Sooyoung had acquired.

She unleashed every bit of Story she had been saving up until now.
Brilliantly-pure blue rays of light swirled violently from one of her irises.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Eye of Truth', has been activated\!\]

Back during the 1863rd turn, this skill failed to penetrate past that wall.
However, Han Sooyoung of this regression turn was a different being
altogether.

\[Story, 'Revision Specialist', has begun its storytelling\!\]

In this turn, she had been diligently acquiring a lot more Stories related to
'writing' than before.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...\!

Just like how the foundations of other characters were a collection of
sentences, it should be the same story for \[The Fourth Wall\], as well. As
long as this world was a novel, this wall must've been made up of words and
sentences.

Even if she failed to decipher its foundation, there should still be sentences
left behind somewhere that helped her make a guess.

\[The Fourth Wall\] cottoned on to what Han Sooyoung was planning to do and
ballooned up its overall thickness.

U s e le ss

\['The Fourth Wall' is increasing its thickness even more\!\]

The spinning black circle grew even more robust.

The Fourth Wall. The mind defense skill that couldn't be penetrated by the
existences found within the 'Ways of Survival'.

Han Sooyoung didn't try to forcibly penetrate the wall. Instead, she quietly
stared at it.

\[Story, 'Guide of the Line Spacing', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Some things would grow even more obvious the more you try to hide them.

Han Sooyoung scanned the outer appearance of the wall. There were plenty of
scratches and cracks visible on it. Its past history of not sparing itself
when trying to protect Kim Dokja was left behind as fully-visible traces all
over the wall.

That great one must be protected.

Why did this wall hide that sentence in the most secretive place of all?

That is the last favour the god asked of me.

In that very moment, Han Sooyoung's lips began trembling.

As pulsing migraine assaulted her, sentences above the wall flashed past her
brain.

"Hey."

"Yes?"

"If, by chance, something happens to me, then you..."

"Please don't say things like that."

"If you really see me as your 'god', then..."

A middle-aged man wearing a fedora was looking up at her with a committed,
loyal look on his face.

"Protect that guy, no matter what."

The existence that knew the 'Ways of Survival' just as well as the original
author, herself.

The existence that remained even more indifferent to the tragedies of this
world than her, and...

And, the existence that lived for the sole purpose of 'completing the story'.

The existence that opened the 'scenario' in this world, and the one who
connected the two world-lines as one.

\[The Fourth Wall\] spoke up instead of Han Sooyoung's trembling lips.

D on t be so su rpri sed ev en I rea lis ed it ju st now

"What did you say?"

I al so di dn't kn ow who I w as

There were some existences without a fleshed-out past that had to simply
'exist' until belatedly, they were permitted to acquire their histories.
Beings that didn't 'exist' until the author decided to give them a backstory.

I be ca me com ple te be cau se of y o u

The scenes from the moments when the 'paid service' got underway brushed past
her mind. The moment when the two world-lines of reality and fiction became
one, and the 1863rd turn's Dokkaebi King standing right in the middle.

W h y I ha d to bec ome a w a l l di vid ing the wo rld

The Dokkaebi King became the wall that divided the world.

W h y I ha d to pro tec t Kim Dok ja

And then, it carried out the last favour its 'god' had asked of it.

Y o u di dn't re mem ber m e

The existence that repeated one single story for a long, long time, and the
one who became addicted to that story, constantly lusting after it.

The existence that had read the 'Ways of Survival' even before Kim Dokja did,
was right before her eyes.

This world's most ancient reader.

I too di dn't re mem ber y o u

The Dokkaebi King filled the void left behind by Han Sooyoung and became this
world's chronicler.

T hi s st ory is n o w mine

And eventually, it succeeded in completing the story.

"It was I who asked you in the first place. So, stop this right now."

The existence that continued to uphold an order for a very long time had
eventually become the order itself.

Y o u are not my g o d any mo re

She who had lost her position as the original author was no longer the
creator, as well.

Han Sooyoung stared at her own fingertips. The 'Ways of Survival' her other
self had written went on to become a novel spanning 3149 chapters. That novel
left her hands and reached its reader.

"You're right, this world's god is no longer me, but the reader."

That would be Kim Dokja beyond this spinning circle, slumbering and dreaming
away in eternity.

"So, let's ask that god, then. Let's ask if he really wishes to remain in this
place, or...\!"

Han Sooyoung swallowed a Life and Death Pill and righted her broken knee. And
then, she walked forward step by step before extending her hands.

"...Or, if he wants to get out of here with us."

Blinding sparks of flames exploded on the tips of her hands.

As if to reject her approach, the spinning circle's speed grew faster and
faster. Blood splattered from both of her hands. Not even Stories could
protect her. However, even while suffering from the cruel pain akin to her
hands being grounded into fine dust, Han Sooyoung didn't stop.

"Kim Dokja\! Say something\!"

There were some people who, despite wishing to be saved, couldn't bring
themselves to ask others to save them.

Han Sooyoung always wanted to write certain sentences for people like that. To
write sentences for those people who couldn't say or write anything.

Just like how it always had been for her, all she could do was to write
'sentences'.

But, as long as she could cross over to the other side of this circle...

As long as she could get rid of this full stop, then...

The idiot that unquestioningly took the lemon candy offered as a joke and
sucked on it.

"Kim Dokja\!"

Unfortunately, it wasn't enough.

She couldn't reach the other side of the wall with only the sentences she
possessed.

It was then, yet another hand was laid on top of Han Sooyoung's.

It was Yoo Sangah.

Mandalas were unfurled on both sides of her as she began loading her Story.
While wiping away the blood trickling down her nose, she smiled weakly.

"Dokja-ssi."

The man who hid in the cabinet alone to read the 'Ways of Survival'.

Yoo Sangah's sentences were now calling out to Kim Dokja.

As if they were grabbing at a door knob, their hands reached out and grabbed
the spinning circle. However, the circle's speed didn't decrease in the
slightest. They were still short on the sentences. But then, hands from two
more people were laid on top of the two women's.

"I shall hold onto the inside\!"

"I'm on the left\!"

Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung letting out a loud, spirited yell began clinging
onto the circle as well.

The man who silently listened to the boring stories from the military.

Lee Hyunsung yelling out unleashed his Story, and Jung Heewon next to him
matched his timing.

Stinking stubborn mull of a damned troublemaker.

"Dokja-ssi\! Answer us\! You can hear us, right??"

And now, Lee Seolhwa and Gong Pildu added their hands next.

The man who searched for medicinal herbs throughout the night for the sake of
his companions.

The bastard who stole all of my lands.

"Ahjussi\!"

"Hyung\!"

The two kids also rushed in. The small hands of Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung
were placed on Han Sooyoung's one at a time.

The man who always lied to reassure someone else.

However, the man who wasn't very good at lying.

Right behind them was Lee Jihye wielding her sword. She used her fists to slam
into the circle. She hit it, then hit it again and again.

"I can't say something that cringy, anyway\! So, just come out already\!\!"

Squid ahjussi.

Different memories of everyone from different time and place  all those
sentences of every single moment gathered together and wished for one Kim
Dokja.

However, the full stop still didn't want to budge even after the companions
called out. No, only their hands ended up as a bloody mess.

Their Stories were being extinguished now. And then, a sentence floated up
above the full stop.

Maybe it's just our greed, wanting to save him?

"Shut up\!"

Maybe, he's not an existence needing to be saved?

The companions also knew it  knew that this action of theirs could be a
meaningless one.

That was why they wanted to know.

To ask.

To reach out, and confirm.

"Kim Dokja\! I know you're in there\!" Jang Hayoung shouted out. "We talked
about this, didn't we?\! Even if we can't reach each other, even if we can't
meet, we gotta keep pounding on the wall until the end, right?? Even if the
wall would never open up, we agreed to keep writing something on it, didn't
we?\!"

Even if we can't reach each other, even if we can't meet each other, we should
continue to pound away on each other's walls.

Even if that wall would never open up, keep writing something on that wall,
anyway.

"When we do that, then maybe, someone might end up seeing our words
someday...\!"

Then maybe, just maybe, you might finally want to come out of that place.

"Please\! Say something\! Anything\! Please-\!"

And so, Jang Hayoung's palm slammed into the full stop. And in the very next
moment...

\['Wall of Impossible Communication' is revealing its power\!\]

The full stop began to shake little by little. For the first time ever, \[The
Fourth Wall\]'s aura changed.

Y o u da re

Yoo Sangah didn't miss this opening and shouted out. "Dokja-ssi\! We promised
to meet during the next life, didn't we?\!"

\['Wall That Decides Samsara' is revealing its capability\!\]

Lee Gilyoung also shouted out as if he didn't want to lose. "Hyung, you always
think you are at fault for everything\!"

Jung Heewon carried on where the boy's words ended. "I don't care whether
you're good or evil, Dokja-ssi\! I don't plan on judging you according to the
standards of this world. That's why...\!"

\['Wall That Divides Good and Evil' is revealing its theme\!\]

"...So, please open this door\!"

Right next moment, a powerful rebound coming out from the door blew away the
companions.

The cacophony of loud exploding noises utterly deafened them. Once the ringing
in their ears went away, only the cold silence remained in the surroundings.

The injured companions got up one by one. Before Lee Hyunsung could say
something, though, Han Sooyoung hurriedly placed a finger on her lips.

Just like the way faint, soft drizzle moistened the parched ground, a quiet
little noise could be heard.

Knock.

That noise, it was coming from beyond the full stop.

A place beyond the completion of the story.

Han Sooyoung was the first to hear that sound.

Knock, knock...

The sound so small and so weak, yet still undoubtedly letting others know of
his presence there.

There he was.

Shin Yoosung broke down in tears.

Someone was knocking on the door from beyond it.

Han Sooyoung rushed forward, followed right after by Yoo Sangah. Lee Hyunsung
and Jung Heewon laid their hands on top of the two women's, again. Lee Seolhwa
quickly healed the companions' wounded hands, while Gong Pildu threw his own
weight behind them. To fight against the rebound, Lee Jihye stabbed her sword
on the floor, while Jang Hayoung supported Han Sooyoung's body. Stories from
Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung then began protecting Han Sooyoung's hands.

"Focus all of your powers in one spot\!"

Along with the loud 'Kwa-gagagagak\!' noise, their hands were grounded to
bloody dust again.

The full stop's spinning speed was slowing down. Bit by agonising bit, the
worn-down surface of the full stop began developing cracks.

Their Story was not enough.

The full stop's size was gradually shrinking down. It continued to get
smaller, as if to never permit their entry in this place. It was then, some
people suddenly intruded into the subway.

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is incarnating\!\]

They were two members of <Kim Dokja's Company> who had not revealed themselves
up until now.

\[My apologies for showing up late.\]

One of them was the queen of the Underworld, Persephone. And the other was...

"...Dokja-yah."

Rather than looking at the full stop, Lee Sookyung was now looking at at the
other Kim Dokja plopped down on the floor. He looked back at her in a daze,
but then, bit down hard on his lip and grabbed onto her hand.

Stories then began flooding out from both Lee Sookyung and Persephone.

Two Kim Dokjas existed for them.

Kim Dokja before the start of the scenario, and Kim Dokja after the scenario
got underway.

Two beings that had observed 'Kim Dokja' longer than anyone else supported his
Avatar and approached the full stop. Han Sooyoung nodded her head.

The one who imprisoned Kim Dokja inside the wall was himself.

"Kim Dokja."

Han Sooyoung realized something as she witnessed his eyelashes tremble weakly.
No matter how deeply her novel had influenced Kim Dokja, he was not the 'Ways
of Survival'. No matter how well she understood the 'Ways of Survival', it
didn't automatically mean she understood Kim Dokja.

She might be able to write sentences for someone else, but she certainly
couldn't read those words in their stead. No, the role of reading was left up
to the god of the new world, the reader.

"...Help us."

Kim Dokja's hand touched the full stop.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...\!

\['The Fourth Wall' is increasing its thickness even more\!\]

Hands were laid on top of hands. \[The Fourth Wall\] was shouting out at them.

Y o u lot mu st fa il h ere

T hi s sto ry h as b een com ple ted th is way al rea dy

Was it forbidden to change a complete story?

Was it forbidden for a single universe to even dare think about being saved
just because the rest of the universes were completed in unhappiness?

Han Sooyoung wrapped Kim Dokja's hand laid on top of hers tightly and began
crying. The memories from the 1863rd turn were going on a rampage.

This story will cycle itself.

Yet another Han Sooyoung would repeat the 1863rd turn inside this cycle.

Kim Dokja and Han Sooyoung wouldn't recognise each other and start fighting
again.

Yoo Joonghyuk would continue with his regressions.

And to save them all, Kim Dokja would become the 'Oldest Dream' many, many
times.

The vast, indescribable time would cycle over and over again, leading them to
reach and meet one another, only to part ways again.

Enduring the innumerable lengths of time to meet, then meet again, and create
stories.

And with that, this story might become truly complete.

However, if that was the case, just when would they ever be able to taste
happiness?

It's fine if the story is imperfect.

Han Sooyoung's hands powerfully gripped onto the circle's crack.

The surface of the gripped wall began tearing apart.

If that story can make someone happy, then...

The companions' stories crumbled as an incredible storm exploded. Kim Dokja's
coat was ripped apart, and their weapons shattered to bits and pieces. The
blindingly-pure rays of light blanketed their view. Within this incredible
explosion of light, Han Sooyoung thought to herself. \[The Fourth Wall\] was
right, the 'Ways of Survival' was indeed now over. With his own hands, he
brought it to its conclusion.

However, that didn't mean Kim Dokja's story had come to an end there, either.

Ku-gugugugu...

Eventually, the storm died down, revealing the messed-up hands of the
companions. Hands, laid on top of each other as if they had fused into one.
And these hands had destroyed the 'completed' full stop. The crack ran down on
the circle's edge like a tear.

It now resembled a comma.

The door was open.


