### Chapter 280: Ep. 53 - Demon King of Salvation, II

\[Hidden scenario  Escape the Demon Realm has begun\!\]

At this time, all dokkaebis of the bureau were concentrating on the panel.

"Are you kidding me? Why is there no dokkaebi to proceed when the scenario is
released?"

It was the other dokkaebis who blocked Bihyung rioting alone. After the Demon
King Selection, all dokkaebis who operated the channels were withdrawn from
the 73rd Demon Realm.

"Where is Baram? Shit, that Dokgak jerk\!"

"..."

"What are you doing here why the Demon Realm channels are running out of
control? If you're going to do this, let me go there\!"

"Bihyung, do you think it is possible to broadcast now?"

Even the prideful Dokgak had given up on this scenario. The bureau had
exhausted all the available probability during the Demon King Selection. Of
course, that wasn't the only problem.

Baat\!

There was the cry of a baby dokkaebi who knew nothing. Some dokkaebis sighed
and turned their eyes away while others couldn't take their eyes off the
screen to the end.

The distant presence had crossed the Star Stream and was covering the sky of
the 73rd Demon Realm.

Not all beings lived in the scenario. If the constellations were living in a
'story', the outer gods were based on a confused 'story'. They were beings
born from the subconscious of the story. A monster roaming the deep sea of the
scenario that wasn't possible for the dokkaebis.

'This isn't the right scenario'.

Bihyung looked at 'it' that was opening its massive mouth and prayed with a
gloomy heart.

'Run away Kim Dokja'.

  

* * *

  

"What is this?"

It was only a few minutes after Jung Heewon had noticed 'it'. Suddenly, the
hairs on her body rose and sweat flowed down. She looked around and saw the
citizens who lost consciousness or were vomiting up blood on the ground. Lee
Jihye stood beside her and was squeezing her shoulders with dim eyes.

"Jihye\! Wake up\!"

Her shoulders shook several times before Lee Jihye barely managed to look up.
"U-Uh, uhhh... unni..."

Her nails dug into her shoulders and blood was flowing.

Jung Heewon looked around the square. Yoo Sangah was already moving.
"Everyone, gather this way\!"

Her voice was filled with magic power and the party members came to their
senses one by one.

"W-What is that?"

Lee Hyunsung and the children looked up at the sky. Lee Gilyoung staggered
while Shin Yoosung grabbed onto Lee Hyunsung and trembled.

At this moment, all the party members in the square were thinking the same
thing. It didn't matter how many books they read or how many words they knew.

'It can't be described'.

Yoo Sangah, Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon were the same. All human words were
helpless in front of the coming existence. The entire sky was covered by the
darkness of this being.

The party members couldn't understand what they were seeing. Thanks to this,
they lost their means to cope.

If a typhoon blew, they could place newspapers against the window. If a
tsunami occurred, they could enter sturdy high-rise buildings. If a fallout
started, they could hide in a basement with thick barriers. But this...

How the hell could they stop it? Was it possible to stop it?

Then a man appeared in the sky where the light had disappeared. He exhausted
his probability as he shone brightly.

Jung Heewon discovered his appearance and was filled with relief. Most of the
constellations who attended the banquet left the Demon Realm two days ago.
However, it wasn't everyone.

Surrounding by brilliant sparks, the man stood on the walls. He shouted
loudly, \[Everyone, wake up\!\]

Goryeo's First Sword, Cheok Jungyeong. The huge roar echoed from the walls and
the incarnations with the strongest minds barely regained their sanity. They
watched Cheok Jungyeong. They didn't know what was coming but there was Cheok
Jungyeong on this side. Cheok Jungyeong also had experience fighting against
an outer god.

\[Outer god\! Why did you come here? This isn't your scenario\!\]

It was a resounding yell towards the sky. A light of hope emerged in the faces
of the incarnations after they heard this voice. Cheok Jungyeong shouted once
again.

\[What a great foreign power, eating up the extra probability\!\]

Despite the repeated calls, there was no response from the sky. Just like an
elephant didn't see an ant, 'it' didn't even look at Cheok Jungyeong. Cheok
Jungyeong's expression hardened. If the elephant didn't see an ant then he
would make it look.

\[\! Indescribable Distance\!\]

At this moment, something stared at Cheok Jungyeong. Sparks exploded from
Cheok Jungyeong's body. His outer skin was charred black. Cheok Jungyeong's
tight muscles were ruptured and blood flowed as a broken star relic flew
through the air as ashes. It was the price for merely calling the name.
Nevertheless, Cheok Jungyeong raised his sword without backing down.

\[It is a sword that cuts the mountains, the sea and even the sun. With this
sword, I'll cut you this time.\]

The enormity that couldn't be grouped into 'one' description filled Cheok
Jungyeong's eyes.

He didn't know where to cut because he couldn't see where it started or ended.
In the infinity that even a handful of possibilities didn't exist, Cheok
Jungyeong moved.

\[Ohhhhhh\!\]

A beam of light shot from Cheok Jungyeong.

Cutting 1,000 people with one sword. Cutting a great mountain with two swords.
Separating the sea with three swords.

The sword shone like a meteor shower as it moved through the vast darkness.
For a moment, a ray of light was drawn into the depths of the sky. The
incarnations saw the light and were thrilled.

Goryeo's First Sword was fighting the outer god. The next moment, they heard a
strange noise in the sky. It was the sound of a star that had finished its
life cycle in a distant galaxy. Then something fell from the sky.

"A-Ahh, ah..."

Someone with good vision discovered it first. The cut off arms and legs. Only
half of the incarnation body was left and the areas cut off were falling to
the ground. Surprise and disbelief. Even those who couldn't see Cheok
Jungyeong's expression knew what he was feeling.

A sword that cut a mountain, a sea and even the sun. There was something that
this swordsmanship couldn't cut. It was 'unbreakable' from the beginning. It
was the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint who caught Cheok Jungyeong's ruined body.

\[...Remember the sword.\]

Cheok Jungyeong's incarnation body died and he left. It was the incarnation
body of a narrative-grade constellation. He broke Surya's train and cut off
the legs of an outer god. Yet such a constellation lost his incarnation body
in a single moment of battle.

"U-Uwaaaaack\!"

The screams of the citizens were heard as fear encroached on their mind. The
darkness filled the horizon in all directions. The ground wriggled and moved
like a fetus. It was the sound of a giant worm eating its prey. It seemed that
the horizon was getting closer. The intensity of the light shining on the
ground gradually decreased.

\[The 73rd Demon Realm is groaning with pain\!\]

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios had already seen this scene in
the First Murim.

Kyrgios spoke, "...I'm going to die here because of my crazy disciple."

"Neither you or I have any luck with our disciples."

The world let out a scream. The darkness filled with greet was approaching and
eating the 73rd Demon Realm. Kyrgios concentrated all the magic power of the
Purest Sword Force.

"This is why we have to stick to probability."

The Indescribable Distance. The outer god, called the disaster of the stars,
was in a sense, a probability storm itself. It was the janitor who came from
chaos caused by rules of the Star Stream being broken.

"Things have already gone wrong so it can't be helped. I twist it with all my
strength\!"

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint cried out and two transcendent lights shone
brightly.

The sword of Breaking the Sky that split apart the sky. She held the power of
First Murim in her arms as the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint shot towards the
sky.

Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

Destruction skill.

Breaking the Sky Meteor.

It was the sword technique that Yoo Joonghyuk had used in the past. It was the
Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship that defeated countless constellations. The
first Breaking the Sky Sword shot towards the sky. The explosive magic power
was radiant in the air and the meteor sword drew colourful shapes.

However, 'it' didn't even receive a scratch. Like dust drifting in space, the
sword disappeared into the void. Her swordsmanship that broke the sky couldn't
destroy the universe.

"Kyrgios\!"

Kyrgios received the signal and stepped on the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's
shoulder before jumping. Kyrgios accelerated with the power of
Electrification, penetrating through the atmosphere and flying into the
expanse.

An unending universe. In the shadow of the darkness, Kyrgios felt the darkness
covering the sky and the gaze of the stars looking from beyond the darkness.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is emitting a golden
light.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is roaring\!\]

It was a place where stars stayed. It was a place that could never be reached
with short human arms. Kyrgios also knew it. Thus, he tried. He tried and
tried again.

He stepped on the meteor fragments left behind by the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint and Kyrgios jumped higher and higher. He rushed towards the unreachable
stars and the mortal existence who build his history through hard work finally
reached the stars.

He reached the universe. Kyrgios finally reached a position where he could see
'it'. It was reminiscent of a huge fog. The fog without a definite shape was
greedily devouring the 73rd Demon Realm. The center of the fog contained a
thread left behind by Cheok Jungyeong.

The blue-white power climbed to the limit and was concentrated in Kyrgios's
right hand.

\[From the smallest particle, the universe began.\]

Kyrgios' right hand moved along with his fierce cry. Like a big bang, the
blue-white energy struck the center of the fog. There was a white flash and
all citizens closed their eyes.

It was the moment the two transcendent forces overwhelmed the darkness
covering the universe. The moment the light was turned off, there was a huge
crack in the darkness that covered the sky.

The citizens shouted, "H-He did it."

"He did it\! The transcendent did it\!"

However, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's expression wasn't good. The
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint looked at Kyrgios piercing through the expanse
and laughed faintly.

'It is up to here'.

Beyond the falling Kyrgios, the sky was splitting. Something in the darkness
was awakening. It was a pupil. A huge eye had come to the world. The white
lens and black pupils followed the falling Kyrgios. The Breaking the Sky Sword
Sword Saint moved and Kyrgios turned around. The transcendent power collided
with an irresistible atmosphere.

Kyrgios' long hair turned white. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's muscles
swelled up until they seemed like they were going to burst. As if suffering
from aging, the two transcendent bodies were dying in front of the distant
time.

The 'status' of the universe was different. They became transcendent beyond
mortals and gained the power to destroy constellations. However, the history
of the grueling training they went through was dust compared to the 'history'
of the universe.

\[The 'Indescribable Distance' is looking at the 73rd Demon Realm.\]

The citizens became crazy and rushed around. "Escape\! Escape\!"

"Kieeeeeek\!"

The citizens wept like wild beasts without knowing what they were saying.

\[The portal can't be used due to the intervention of a strong presence.\]

"What, what, what?"

"W-W-W-What?"

"Wwwwwwhat..."

The bodies of the citizens burst all over. Some of them turned into bizarre
beings and others had tentacles emerge from their mouths.

The world was going crazy. However, it wasn't everyone. Before the gaze of
that absurd being, there were those who didn't lay down their swords.

"...Not yet. We can fight."

It was Jung Heewon. Jung Heewon gasped but didn't kneel down as she controlled
her nausea. One by one, the party members stood beside her. The reason they
were able to endure was simple.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is protecting the incarnations.\]

It was because this world was refusing to perish. They were the history of
this 73rd Demon Realm.

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is shouting to flee\!\]

\[The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' is screaming.\]

\[The constellation 'Seo Ae Il Pil' is closing his eyes in pain.\]

The party members also knew it. Any power they had was shabby in front of that
mighty being. Jung Heewon grabbed the Sword of Judgment and coughed up blood
as she shouted.

"Uriel\! Please\!"

There was no reaction from the Demon-like Judge of Fire. It was the same for
Gong Pildu's Defense Master and Lee Hyunsung's Master of Steel. This time,
they didn't respond to the request of the incarnations. No, they couldn't
respond.

\[All the stars in the night sky are silent.\]

The constellations in the sky didn't offer anything. Just as thunder and
lightning couldn't be controlled, 'that' wasn't something that could be
received.

The terrified Osu pissed. Jang Hayoung collapsed on the ground and vomited.
The senseless Gong Pildu started to build meaningless walls. Han Myungoh
shivered and looked around for a place for his one leg. However, his foot
didn't move. In front of the creature that devoured the world, there was no
straw for his foot.

"Dokja-ssi\!"

Then there was Kim Dokja. Yoo Sangah cried out and everyone looked at the same
place. It was the top of the unfinished clock tower. As time flowed slowly,
Kim Dokja stood on the edge of the tower.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at the night sky.\]

A star that uniquely illuminated the night sky that had its light turned off.
It was the Demon King of Salvation.


