### Chapter 378: Ep. 72 - Three methods, II

Erich Striker was the captain of Kaizenix Archipelago's royal guards.

'She' wasn't just the archipelago's best knight in title only; 'she' was also
the first sword of the nation's ruler. And the sole reason why 'she' was able
to climb up to that position was due to her constant training throughout the
day and night.

Swiiiish\!

Erich sliced and cut the silent night of the training hall over and over
again. Thick sweat drops fell non-stop. 'She' looked down on the droplets and
thought that they should've been someone else's blood drops, instead.

'I let them slip away. In front of her majesty, no less'.

The rebellion of the First Prince  the assault on the audience chamber three
days ago had found itself in the mouths of the gossipers already. Some
minstrels began singing songs about it, too. Most of them were singing songs
that extolled the First Prince.

Oh, oh~ the great revolutionary Schweichen Von Kaizenix~.

Look at his wide shoulders and his back~.

The bright sword light scythed past the darkness of the practice grounds. The
hateful face of the Fourth Prince, who had escaped alongside the First Prince,
floated up. It didn't want to disappear no matter how many times it was cut
apart.

The strange thing was, every time Erich recalled that face, 'she' felt a
rather subtle emotion float up, too.

Seeing the backs of the First Prince Schweichen and Fourth Prince Ricardo, as
well as Bilston Framer, getting further away, Erich was overcome with this
inexplicable longing.

Not wanting to acknowledge that emotion, 'she' continued to swing 'her' sword.
As usual, 'she' swung the blade over and over again, trying 'her' best to
shake off all the distracting thoughts.

Unfortunately, it seemed that today's training would have to end here.

'Is it a sneak attack?'

There was a slender shadow gently wavering within the darkness.

Erich quickly unsheathed the real sword mounted from 'her' waist. 'She'
thought of killing the intruder the moment it displayed any suspicious
behaviour. Quite unexpectedly, though, the opponent revealed his presence
first.

"Please, put away your weapon. I didn't come here to fight."

Under the faint light of the moon, a man with the slender physique walked out
from the darkness. It was Ricardo Von Kaizenix, the Fourth Prince of this
archipelago.

Erich loudly shouted out. "Are you out of your mind? With what balls have you
come here?"

"Even though the world has changed, you still enjoy swinging your sword."

Erich raised 'her' sword up high while emitting a dense murderous aura. The
Fourth Prince, however, placed his sword down on the ground, instead.

The former's eyes narrowed to a slit. "What are you planning here?"

"I know that in ten minutes, guards would show up to surround me. And also,
subduing me wouldn't be all that hard for you with your skillset."

"So?"

"I'm turning myself in. Meaning, I'll have you arrest me and take me to the
execution ground."

Erich knew that the Fourth Prince was not right of his mind recently. However,
'she' didn't expect to see a situation like this one. It had been only a
couple of days ago that he escaped with the First Prince's help, yet he walked
right back in, of his own volition, so he could be executed?

Still being wary, Erich slowly walked over to the Fourth Prince.

Without a doubt, he was in a completely unarmed state. Erich didn't miss this
chance and quickly captured the Fourth Prince. A pair of pure eyes sparkling
under the moonlight met 'her' gaze now.

"In return, I'd like you to listen to my tale for the next ten minutes."

"And why should I do that?"

"I'm going to die anyway. Not hearing the last words of a dying man will leave
you with an unclean taste in your mouth."

Erich stared at the Fourth Prince with complicated eyes. "If you're going to
plead your innocence, I won't have any of it."

'She' knew that the Fourth Prince was not guilty. However, the throne had
changed hands, and Erich was the captain of the guards serving the new ruler.

The Fourth Prince smiled and shook his head. "This story isn't about that."

"If not, what then?"

"Honestly speaking, I was in a serious dilemma on what to say here so we could
get the 'you' we know back. I couldn't even make a wild guess at all."

The unexpected opening remarks managed to make Erich flustered and 'she'
frowned deeply.

Was this a new type of underhanded scheme? Everyone in the kingdom knew that
the Fourth Prince used his silver tongue to seduce many women in this land.

"A long time ago, there was a certain woman."

Regardless of what his listener was thinking, the Fourth Prince began his
tale.

"She loved kendo and was talented enough to enter the competition as the
representative of her own district."

Along with a faint bout of pain, an unknown emotion began stabbing 'her' head.

"And with her sword, she rescued her precious companions many times."

Something that disappeared a long time ago...

"She swung her sword against the unfairness of the scenarios over and over
again, and with that very same sword, she also protected me."

"What are you even talking about? I'm solely the blade of her majesty."

The Fourth Prince looked up at Erich with emotions of lamentation.

"You really can't seem to remember anything."

It was then, another voice came out from within the darkness.

"Prince Ricardo. I'd like to say something."

Erich flinched in surprise and quickly raised 'her' body up. Since from when
did those two men appear in the darkness? She growled menacingly and spoke.
"So, it was a trap all along."

"No, it is not."

The one to reveal himself from the darkness was Bilston Framer, the only
knight she acknowledged in this kingdom.

"Erich-nim."

Bilston took a step towards 'her'. 'She' got startled and quickly issued her
warning. "Take one more step, and I shall cut off the Fourth Prince's head."

This is a trap. I must escape from here  Erich thought like that and scanned
the exit to the training ground.

However, something felt wrong.

\[Stories related to you have begun going on a rampage\!\]

As if her entire body had become frozen, she couldn't move at all.

\[Your Stories are resisting against the control of the 'Kaizenix
Archipelago'\!\]

"We promised never to forget, didn't we?"

Bilston stared at her with sorrowful eyes.

'No, but, his... name is...'

\[Stories related to you are ruminating on the old memories.\]

"Heewon-ssi."

\[Forgotten Stories have begun their storytelling.\]

At that moment, 'her' world crumbled away. Stories flooding in covered up
Erich's memories.

That was the story of the forgotten ten years. A story from when Erich wasn't
Erich yet, while Bilston was not Bilston, either.

  

* * *

  

It was exactly ten years ago when both Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon arrived in
this world.

"Hyunsung-ssi\! It is you, right?"

"Uht? Heewon-ssi??"

Tsu-chuchuchut...\!

They had become the 'possessors' at a similar point in time and luckily
enough, got to recognise each other pretty quickly.

 Looks like we'll have to resort to using voice projection in this place.

The two of them began gathering information on this world little by little.

First, they learnt that this was the final preparatory stage before they could
participate in the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.

Two, that there were time differences between the summoning of each member of
<Kim Dokja's Company> to this place.

And that the scenario wouldn't begin unless all the actors had arrived.

 Besides all that, Hyunsung-ssi, it looks like you took over a person pretty
similar to you.

 Heewon-ssi, you also suit your host really well.

And finally, their sense of self would steadily erode away with the passage of
time.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is monitoring your actions.\]

\[Probability of the world is pressuring you to perform your given role.\]

Whenever they sensed the gaze of the Giant Story, they acted out their roles
in order to not get on that thing's nerves.

 It seems that Sooyoung-ssi has completely forgotten about everything. It
doesn't matter what I say, she...

 Will we end up in the same situation as her?

 I believe that Dokja-ssi will show up before that.

And so, they waited, and then, waited for some more.

 Are Jihye and the kids doing well, I wonder?

 If it's them, they should be alright.

They only had each other to rely on in this world.

\[Story, 'Purest Companionship', has begun its storytelling.\]

In a world where no one knew of their story, they simply had to continue
talking to each other in order to protect themselves.

Claaang\!

"Erich-nim\! Please defeat it right now\!"

"Let us get going, Bilston-nim\!"

The hosts of the two being rivals came about quite naturally; they needed to
create more opportunity to stay next to each other, as that would increase the
opportunities to use \[Voice Projection\] to talk to each other.

 Looks like your swordsmanship has improved by a lot. Your title of 'Emperor
of Steelsword' perfectly suits you, no?

 When we go back, I better ask Dokja-ssi to buy me a new sword.

Every time their blades crossed, they shared voice projections.

 At this rate, we might end up becoming Swordmasters before Dokja-ssi arrives
here.

One year passed by, and the second year went by just like that.

And they were assigned to different posts that matched their personalities.
Lee Hyunsung was thrust into Fourth Prince Ricardo's faction, while Jung
Heewon was put under the banner of the 'Dark Magician'.

Once their affiliation changed, the environment they experienced also changed.

The two of them couldn't cross their swords as often as before. And they had
to live the lives of 'Erich Striker' and 'Bilston Framer' more and more, and
not as Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung.

They had to eat food as Erich Striker and speak as Bilston Framer. In the
process of acquiring something that wasn't theirs, Lee Hyunsung and Jung
Heewon began gradually forgetting some things about themselves.

The two of them were slowly and steadily becoming the characters of the
'Kaizenix Archipelago'.

There was a time when Jung Heewon, drunken out of her mind, came to speak to
Lee Hyunsung.

 I'm a horrible person, Hyunsung-ssi.

 Why are you saying such a thing?

 Isn't that reason why I'm being punished right now?

She then began talking about things no one had brought up until now.

 Do you remember... the Geumho Station's mother and her child? They fought
against Cheoldo faction with us.

 ...Yes, I remember. We also met them in the Dark Castle, didn't we?

Lee Hyunsung recalled the mother-and-daughter duo from the Geumho Station 
the mother who fought to protect her child, and a little girl who was holding
onto the hand of such a mother.

The child's mother lost her life in the Dark Castle, and the girl was handed
over to the care of the wanderers.

 Both of them could have survived. If only I had realized the truth of the
'Paradise' sooner...

 It's not your fault, Heewon-ssi. That was not something we could've
prevented.

 In all honesty, there were many smaller Stories then ours, right? Those
stories that couldn't even become proper Stories.

The drunken Jung Heewon laughed out. When she did, the vestiges of Stories
staining her hands glowed brightly. All of them were the stories that she had
acquired along the way. Stories created by fighting against the great and
noble Constellations as a member of <Kim Dokja's Company>.

Jung Heewon was proud of that story, and lived her life without shame.

However, a slightly different thought had permeated her head lately.

 Maybe, the Stories we have collected so far were created after we also
trampled on such small Stories?

 Heewon-ssi...

 And maybe, it's our turn now to be trampled on.

Four years, then five, passed by like that. Both Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung
didn't give up.

 By the way, what were the surnames of Yoosung and Gilyoung?

 Wasn't it... Lee Yoosung, and Shin Gilyoung?

 Something sounds wrong, but...

Their memories disappeared bit by bit. And the sixth year passed them by.

 Where is Dokja-ssi and what's he doing right about now?

 I don't think he'll come this year, as well.

The seventh year passed by.

 Being seven years in arrears with our wages, isn't it completely an evil
corporation?

 Let's definitely create a labour union later.

 Yes, we must. Let's not forget it.

Their initial promise of meeting up at least once a week to talk was changed
to once a month, and that eventually became once every two months, instead.

The days they did meet but were unable to say anything increased, too.

And on a certain day during their eighth year, Jung Heewon asked him in a
dazed voice.

 Weren't we supposed to wait for someone?

Lee Hyunsung couldn't reply to that question.

 You know, Hyunsung-ssi. If I ever forget about you, then...

 I'll remember you.

 ...Then, please kill me.

That was the last time they met.

A short while later, the 'Dark Magician' started a revolt. And Lee Hyunsung
stood on the side of the former royal family to face off against Jung Heewon.

 Heewon-ssi.

Their swords clashed intensely several times in the air.

Wounds on Lee Hyunsung's body accumulated inside the storm of blinding sword
lights. The trajectories of her sword swings were definitely different
compared to when they were sparring in the past; each of her attacks contained
her clear will to kill him.

 Heewon-ssi\!

Even when subjected to the repeated \[Voice Projection\], Jung Heewon didn't
reply. Her silence substituted for her answer.

As if she had been holding back until now, Erich's merciless sword swing
sliced Lee Hyunsung down. The latter's vision seemed to grow distant, then.
Even though he was staggering about, he still walked closer to Jung Heewon.

One step, two steps...

Finally managing to get close, Lee Hyunsung stared into her eyes and, for the
first time ever, spoke the words he couldn't say for the longest time, and
quite likely, he'd not get to say ever again.

 I love you, Heewon-ssi.

  

* * *

  

\[Story, 'Purest Companionship', has concluded its storytelling.\]

I wordlessly read the unfolding Story. Some words were quietly sorrowful,
while some parts were painful enough to tear my heart out.

\[Ego of Character, 'Jung Heewon', is waking up little by little.\]

Faint light floated around the bodies of both Bilston and Erich. I could sense
that their souls were resonating with the Story.

Lee Hyunsung collapsed, but a smile remained etched on his face. I quietly
studied that face for a bit, before breaking the silence. "Looks like the
company's internal rules need to be changed somewhat..."

In any case, our second goal had been met. Next up would be...

"Over there\!"

"Erich-nim is in danger\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk picked up both the unconscious Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung.
But, before we could safely get out from there, the doors to the training
ground burst open and the royal guards rushed in.

However, it wasn't just them who showed up here. Someone else was walking out
from the line of guards and towards us.

The First Triple Master of Kaizenix Archipelago

The genius who had reached the peak of Swordmaster at barely 18 years old

The youngest-ever Ninth Circle Archmage

The ruler of the Archipelago who controls an evil black dragon

No one in the Kaizenix Archipelago was capable of defeating her right now. The
'king' with a silver-coloured crown was quietly smiling at us.

"You dare to steal away my loyal knight?"

The royal guards all knelt down before her.

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened and he sent me a message.

 This is different from our plan.

 Actually, this is for the better.

Because our next target was Han Sooyoung, anyway.

There were four members of <Kim Dokja's Company> present right now. The Story
of the Nebula would be strengthened further if more of the Nebula's members
were in one place.

I looked at the queen's face and spoke up. "Your majesty, we didn't come here
to fight."

Without a doubt, Han Sooyoung's ego was lying inside that queen, asleep. And I
simply had to get her ego back from that character, no matter what. And, with
things like this, we could use our Story and...

"I'm aware. You came to tell me a story."

Feeling startled just a little, I stared at her.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is sending a mocking jeer in your
direction.\]

"Why are you so surprised? This one, too, enjoys stories very much. However,
this one enjoys telling stories rather than listening to them. So, keep your
ears wide open and listen well, Ricardo Von Kaizenix."

The queen spread her arms wide and grinned brightly towards me.

"No, should that be the 'Demon King of Salvation', Kim Dokja?"


