### Chapter 220: Ep. 41 - Real Revolutionary, VI

The body of the giant soldier appeared with a loud roar. In the original
novel, it was the weapon of the Underworld King but in the second half, Yoo
Joonghyuk started using it in earnest. The ultimate weapon that struck the
giant in the myths was summoned in front of me by the probability I shared
with the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal.

Blood flowed as I looked up at Pluto with a messy and shaky vision.

\[Your incarnation body has reached its limit\!\]

\[Your incarnation body has reached its limit\!\]

Shut up. I had to maintain consciousness. At least, until I gave a command to
him.

\[What? Where is this?\]

Then I heard a voice. It was obviously a voice I had once heard before. This
guy used his 'soul' as the last ingredient. I called the guy's name. "Kim
Namwoon."

Then Pluto's thick body looked this way.

\[...Subway grasshopper?\]

"...That's right."

Kim Namwoon laughed as if he realized everything.

\[Hahaha\! What, did you really use those starting words?\]

The starting words to summon the giant soldier were given to me by Kim
Namwoon.

Understood? I will use these starting words so remember them well. If you
call it properly, I might be able to help you once.

I didn't know if he would really use those words as the starting word.
However, his personality didn't change just because he died.

"You entered it directly."

\[Hahaha, of course\! I like this feeling\!\]

Originally, all souls planted in the giant soldier were overseen by the main
system. Now Kim Namwoon planted his own soul in the software of the giant
soldier.

\[Okay, it is a special service. Take a look ahjussi. I'll give you a good
show.\]

"I'm sorry but I don't have the strength to do so..."

\[What? Why is that?\]

I lifted my finger without any strength and pointed somewhere. Pluto's gaze
followed my finger and its mouth moved curiously. I opened my mouth, "Finish
it."

The probability allowed me to summon the giant soldier for less than a minute.
There was probably only 30 seconds left.

The fear-stricken Duke was moving the Factory this way. \[T-This is
impossible\! Why, why is the real giant soldier...\!\]

The fiercely rotating grinder struck Pluto's outer shell.

\[What is this crappy toy?\]

The grinder that the duke was proud of was torn down with a simple swing of
its hand.

It was a light hand gesture like tearing a piece of paper.

\[Did you call me to destroy something like this? It is really too much.\]

...There were 25 seconds until the summoning was cancelled.

\[How annoying.\]

Pluto was moving steadily despite the complaints.

20 seconds. It smashed the arms of the Factory with an outstretched fist.

15 seconds. The hand sword completely paralyzed the operations of the Factory.

10 seconds. A simple kick smashed the main power unit of the Factory.

The fearsome Factory that ate a tremendous amount of stories sank down. It was
impossible to know if the duke inside the Factory was dead or alive. Pluto's
body turned towards me.

\[Is it over now? Haha, then what now?\]

"..."

\[Ahjussi. Now you are stuck with me...\]

Then a tremendous probability storm swept over Pluto. Kim Namwoon's voice was
buried by a roaring sound that seemed to rip apart time and space. The body of
Giant Soldier Pluto started to disappear into powder like it was vaporized.
The probability was exhausted and it was forced to return.

...One second.

\[Damn. Underworld, I...\]

That damn jerk. I'm not going back there, you idiot.

\[The summoning of 'Giant Soldier Pluto' has been released.\]

The giant soldier disappeared but people still couldn't react. The majority of
citizens were stunned from shock and those who managed to open their eyes were
already crazy. It was natural. The incarnations here had witnessed the
greatest god of death in this world.

I turned my head and looked at the wreckage of the Factory. The outer shell
that wasn't damaged by my Electrification was now a mess, like it had been hit
by a fierce beast. There were no movements from the Factory since its joints
were broken and the power part was destroyed. It had been destroyed by the
giant soldier in less than 30 seconds.

I slowly climbed up the Factory and found the person sitting in the cockpit.
The lid of the cockpit was cracked open and the demon sitting there was
bloody.

"Cough, cough\!"

It was Duke Syswitz. The duke looked up at me with eyes full of disbelief.
"Y-You. What are you..."

The Factory was the duke's main story. The story was ruined and the duke
absolutely wasn't safe anymore. I aimed Unbroken Faith at the guy. The duke
opened his mouth, "From the wenny people... I heard about you."

The duke foresaw his end and started chattering. "Unfortunate constellation,
you will never survive if you kill me... Because you"

I stabbed his heart without hesitation. There was no energy left so I fell
from the Factory along with his body. There was terrible pain and I gasped as
I looked up at the sky. Aileen came running to support me.

"...The duke?"

"He is dead."

Then the system messages came up.

\[Demon Duke Syswitz has been defeated.\]

\[200,000 coins have been acquired.\]

I weakly laughed. However, it wasn't yet time to relax.

\[You have defeated the 'ruler' of the industrial complex.\]

\[You aren't a 'revolutionary'.\]

\[The normal scenario route wasn't followed and the 'ruler' inheritance has
been cancelled.\]

\[The inheritance is automatically transferred to the most prestigious person
in the current scenario.\]

\[The current 'hidden scenario' is in progress.\]

\[Kill the 'real revolutionary' to enter the main scenario.\]

...It was as expected. Killing the duke didn't allow me to enter the scenario. I
sold the name of Yoo Joonghyuk so maybe Yoo Joonghyuk was given the
inheritance rights to the industrial complex.

"...What is my status?"

Aileen bit her lips as she repaired my story. "It's okay. I'll fix it."

"...How much time do I have left?"

Aileen didn't answer.

"Tell me quickly."

"10 minutes. No... 5 minutes."

My five senses were becoming paralyzed. My lips didn't listen to my
instructions and the sensation at end of my hand gradually faded. I couldn't
hear the system messages anymore. Perhaps my body was broken enough that it
could no longer be repaired. I didn't know why I was suffering like this
despite coming to the Demon Realm.

Aileen's voice quivered. "You said you are looking for a revolutionary..."

"Yes."

"Why?"

"I have to kill the revolutionary to enter the main scenario."

There was no reason to hide it so I answered honestly. Then Aileen stared at
me. "I see..."

Aileen seemed like she made up her mind.

"You can live. Because I..."

"The revolutionary was in the ranks earlier. Isn't that right?"

I cut off Aileen's struggling words. "You wanted to hide and also wanted to
run away."

"..."

"Still, you came out and fought hard."

Aileen watched me for a moment before turning her head. I could tell what
expression she was making without looking.

"Don't cry. I'm not going to die." I laughed without strength.

 Kim Dokja thought: If I kill the revolutionary here, the stories I've
accumulated will be meaningless. 

There would be a method even if I didn't become the 'revolutionary'. It had
always been this way so far. "Aileen. Didn't you ask something before? The
thing I asked you to make..."

Aileen pulled something out. It was a rectangular communication device
equipped with a panel. It was the smartphone I asked her to produce.

"Turn it on please..."

The panel turned on and a message automatically appeared.

\[You have acquired a new device. Synchronization has started.\]

The synchronization finished and as expected, a file was created on the
desktop. My eyes were still blurred and I couldn't see properly, but it was
obviously the text of Ways of Survival.

 Kim Dokja thought: I am a 'reader'. All the answers are here. 

I somehow opened my eyes and looked at the text. However, my vision was
blurred and I couldn't see. I had to find a way to break through this
situation by reading Ways of Survival but funnily enough, I couldn't read it.

 Kim Dokja thought for the first time. 

...Dammit.

 This is the end. 

At last, even Aileen's face was blurred.

\[The hidden scenario 'Self-Proclaimed Revolutionary' has been cleared.\]

It was an auditory hallucination.

\[You have become a revolutionary.\]

I definitely thought it was a hallucination.

\[Congratulations. You have officially entered the main scenario.\]

\[The exile penalty has ended.\]

\[Your incarnation body has automatically started to recover.\]

\[Your collapsing stories are recovering.\]

It was impossible. My five senses were returning and my faded vision started
to reappear. I looked around with wide eyes. Aileen was safe. Jang Hayoung and
Mark were the same. None of them were dead. Then why...?

This wasn't the end.

\[The name 'Kim Dokja' is being widely spread in the 73rd Demon Realm.\]

\[All the demons in the Gilobat Complex are afraid of your name.\]

\[The citizens of the Gilobat Industrial Complex have joined your
revolution.\]

I thought I heard wrongly for a moment.

...The Gilobat Industrial Complex? This... it wasn't the Syswitz Industrial
Complex?

\[A group of people who consider 'Kim Dokja' a hero have appeared in the
Gilobat Industrial Complex.\]

The Gilobat Industrial Complex was quite a distance from the Syswitz
Industrial Complex. There was no way my name would resonate there. I listened
to the explosive messages and thought about some faint possibilities. Even so,
the possibilities were too dim.

\[Someone has killed the 'ruler' of the Gilobat Industrial Complex\!\]

\[You are currently the most prestigious person in the Gilobat Industrial
Complex.\]

\[Due to the scenario possibility, you have become the owner of the Gilobat
Industrial Complex.\]

This was impossible. It was something that couldn't happen.

"Haha..."

There was a flustered laugh as relief spread from deep inside my heart. I
wonder why. I glanced at Aileen's wrist watch at this moment.

The clock wasn't going backwards. The time was advancing steadily without
rewinding. The needle

could go back but time wouldn't return.

"...He came." I was so happy that I wanted to call out his name.

"Huh? What are you saying?"

I smiled and said, "The real Yoo Joonghyuk came."

I couldn't see or hear it but I could feel it. That person was definitely in
this world. The guy who slaughtered a strong demon with the Splitting the Sky
Sword had arrived from beyond the horizon. I was lost in these wild feelings
and forgot about my smartphone.

 Perhaps Kim Dokja should've checked the smartphone first. 

I heard the Fourth Wall's words and reflexively picked up the fallen phone. As
usual, the title of the text file appeared on the screen. Then I realized
something and a corner of my heart was frightened. Something had been altered.
To be exact, there were strange words attached to the title of the txt file.

Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World \(1st Revision\).txt


