### Chapter 260: Ep. 49 - The Best at Something, II

The moment I opened my mouth towards the constellations,the frightened Han
Myungoh raised his hands. "D-Don't include me\! Honestly, I don't think I will
be any help."

He was frightened. All participants and helpers would be at least a
historical-grade constellation. It was a power that Head Manager Han of Mino
Soft didn't have.

I touched Han Myungoh's shoulder and told him, "Please fill in the number of
people. It isn't a real death even if you die in there. Just close your eyes
and play the game."

The Mythical Battlefield had a total of three chances. If I lost this round, I
could make up for it in the next round and the round after that.

"B-But it will be painful\!"

"Yes."

"Then I don't want to\! I won't...\!"

"Thank you, Department Head-nim."

\[You have gained 'Demon Earl Han Myungoh' as a helper.\]

\[Number of helpers spots left: 5 people.\]

It would be nice if I could get a better pinch-hitter but there were no
suitable talents. I could choose Mark or Aileen but they were honestly
inferior to Han Myungoh, who was a demon earl.

"I will naturally participate." Jang Hayoung bumped his fists like he had been
waiting.

\[You have gained 'Dimensional Mover Jang Hayoung' as a helper.\]

\[Number of helpers spots left: 4 people.\]

How much was Jang Hayoung's combat power now? I heard he came third in the
martial arts competition but... I couldn't feel it because I wasn't present. The
Jang Hayoung of any round hadn't succeeded the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship
during this period.

I turned my head towards another Breaking the Sky Sword Saint disciple.
"Breaking the Sky Master."

Woof\!

The answer was simple.

\[You have gained 'Knowledgeable Dog Breaking the Sky Master' as a helper.\]

\[Number of helpers spots left: 3 people.\]

The transcendent dog Breaking the Sky Master could definitely compete with the
historical-grade constellations. This dog would obviously be a big help in
this fight. By the way, the expression of the Breaking the Sky Master wasn't
good.

Grrrr\! Woof\!

The Breaking the Sky Master's blustery gaze was directed towards a dog. I knew
what he meant.

"That's right. He is a new colleague."

Woof woof woof\!

"It can't be helped even if you don't like it."

Osu, who had been watching quietly, started sniffing the butt of the Breaking
the Sky Master. Then the Breaking the Sky Master had flames in her eyes as she
kicked his forehead.

Yiiiip\!

He wasn't reliable but I had to add him as a colleague. He was better than Han
Myungoh because he was a historical-grade constellation.

\[You have gained 'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames' as a helper.\]

\[Number of helpers spots left: 2 people.\]

One of the remaining two spots was for Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[You have registered 'Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk' as a helper.\]

\[The character is currently not nearby.\]

\[Once the person accepts the offer, they will be automatically summoned to
the battlefield.\]

\[There are five minutes remaining.\]

Now I had one spot left.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at the
constellations.\]

I could feel the eyes of the constellations on me. Let's get a volunteer.

"Is there anyone who can become a helper?"

To be honest, I thought there was no way there would be no applicants. The
constellations in the channel were those who had been following my story all
the way here. If there was more than one volunteer, I might be able to replace
Han Myungoh. By the way...

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is making an unknown
smile.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' wipes his head hard.\]

\[The constellation 'Mass Production Maker' is complaining of back pain.\]

...Shit.

\[Many constellations are turning their heads away from your eyes.\]

I glared at the sky with disapproving eyes. This stage might not be deserving
of Persephone or the Mass Production Maker but there were the historical-grade
constellations...

I sighed and turned towards Jang Hayoung. "Jang Hayoung, did you contact the
constellations I mentioned?"

"...Yes."

In order to prepare for this day, I asked Jang Hayoung to get in touch with
some constellations.

"What about Maritime War God?"

"He said he will think about it."

I frowned. How long was he going to think about it? No matter how much he was
worried about the probability... Was he afraid of going against other nebulae?

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is wiping his head with a
towel.\]

Originally, my plan was to bring Breaking the Sky Sword Namgung Minyoung and
Paradox Baekchung Kyrgios Rodgraim. However, these two people were now in
Murim.

"Goryeo's First Sword?"

"There was no answer." At this point, I felt a bit betrayed.

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' has a traffic expression as he
wrapped the towel he wiped his forehead with around his head.\]

It couldn't be helped. If this happened, I had to choose the second best
thing.

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is nodding and looking at you.\]

"Asmodeus. Didn't you say you would help me?"

A sinister black star in the corner of the sky wriggled at my words.

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is looking at you.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' says he will help from the third
round.\]

...From the third round?

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' wants to test if you deserve his
help.\]

I bit my lip. This damn demon king was now measuring me... I wondered if I could
make it to the third round. Fortunately, I didn't see any names of demon kings
among the helpers on the other side.

\[In the Melledon, the constellation 'Founder of Humanity' has been designated
as a helper.\]

\[In the Bercan, the constellation 'The Last Pharaoh' has been designated as a
helper.\]

\[In the Melledon, the constellation 'Poked Out His Eyes' has been designated
as a helper.\]

\[In the Melledon, the constellation 'General of Banara' has been designated
as a helper.\]

There were the modifiers of some fearsome constellations, even if they weren't
demon kings. I could even see some narrative-grade constellations. The desire
of the constellations to tear, chew and taste this scenario could be felt on
my skin. It was a situation where I had to grasp at any straws.

"Uriel."

\[The nebula Eden is troubled by your suggestion.\]

\[The demon kings of the Demon Realm are paying close attention to the
movements of the nebulae 'Eden'.\]

...I forgot that this was the Demon Realm. The image of Uriel and the writings
of the Scribe of Heaven appeared in front of my eyes. As long as the agreement
between the two groups persisted, Uriel wouldn't be able to participate in the
game. In the end, I reached out for another straw.

"The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal."

However, the reaction of the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is scoffing at you.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is clicking his tongue
at the constellations of the other industrial complexes.\]

He seemed to think that this stage didn't fit his pride as the Monkey King. It
would hurt his self-esteem to lower himself to this scenario.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is chuckling towards you.\]

Jang Hayoung asked like he had heard the message. "What about the fire
dragon?"

"No."

"Why? He's better than I thought."

I knew the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon wasn't a bad guy but his power was too
risky to borrow. Crucially, there was a separate place where the Abyssal Black
Flame Dragon was needed. I eventually sighed. "It can't be helped. The only
remaining constellation is..."

"Who...?"

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is holding his bamboo stick like
he has been waiting.\]

"Jang Hayoung, send a message to Secretive Plotter."

\[Some constellations are surprised by your choice\!\]

The constellation Secretive Plotter. Of the four main constellations in my
channel, he was the only one whose identity I didn't know. I didn't know why
he hadn't showed up in my channel when the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal and the
black dragon had appeared.

\[A small number of constellations are afraid of your choice.\]

\[Some constellations are trying to dissuade you from your choice\!\]

The reactions of the constellations were understandable. I wasn't sure about
the identity of the Secretive Plotter but it was highly likely he was an outer
god. He also had enough influence to knock away the great old ones. Perhaps
the other constellations were deeply conscious of this fact.

Jang Hayoung typed something in the air before calling out to me, "Kim Dokja.
Did you say it properly?"

"Why?"

"Look at this." Jang Hayoung showed me the screen he had entered. The
following message was on the screen:

\[This modifier doesn't exist in the Star Stream.\]

I was stunned and asked Jang Hayoung, "Did you enter it correctly?"

"Do you think I'm a fool?"

Jang Hayoung once again entered 'Secretive Plotter'.

\[This modifier doesn't exist in the Star Stream.\]

Secretive Plotter... this modifier didn't exist?

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is making an interested
expression.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is curious.\]

\[The constellation 'Master of the Skywalk' is turning on the network.\]

\[A number of constellations are searching for Secretive Plotter.\]

I didn't think it would be like this and was momentarily paralyzed.

\[There is one minute remaining.\]

In fact, there were cases where constellations had multiple modifiers.
However, was that the current situation? A modifier had disappeared?

"What now?"

Jang Hayoung stared at me with nervous eyes. The remaining time was less than
30 seconds.

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is screaming and standing up\!\]

I looked up at the sky. It was hard to ignore him anymore.

"...Samyeongdang, please help."

The moment I spoke, lightning flashed in the sky.

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is using probability to summon
an incarnation body\!\]

I stared at the incarnation body that was being formed in the dazzling light
and thought about it. It might be better to have a trustworthy ally compared
to a strong but uncontrollable constellation. At the very least, Samyeongdang
was one of the constellations who supported me when I first got the rights to
open a nebula.

The summoning ceremony ended but the light still hadn't disappeared. A closer
look showed a flash of light from the head of Samyeongdang. I used my hand to
form a curtain as a voice was heard.

\[It's been a while, Kim Dokja.\]

I was impressed by the true voice that contained a formidable history. Dogs
and cats could become constellations if they were lucky. This didn't mean they
were constellations.

"It's been a long time, Samyeongdang."

The three meters tall monk. He held a large bamboo stick that was like a giant
tree. The historical-grade constellation 'Samyeongdang' finally revealed his
true self.

\[You have gained 'Bald General of Justice' as a helper.\]

\[You have all your helpers\!\]

.

.

\[All participants have completed recruiting their helper.\]

\[The game 'Mythical Battlefield' has appeared in the Demon Realm\!\]


