### Chapter 383: Ep. 73 - The hottest place in Hell, II

This guy just popped out of nowhere and demands us to kneel down...

Han Sooyoung next to me carried a dumbfounded expression, while Yoo Joonghyuk
was already reaching towards his sword. Cheok Jungyeong was massaging his
forehead; it seemed that he expected a situation like this already.

 My apologies, Descendant. I tried to talk him out of it, but I wasn't
successful.

True, he'd not enjoy situations like this. But, he owed <Hongik> a lot, so he
probably couldn't say no to them asking him to organise this meeting...

 I shall leave it to your decision.

I nodded my head and looked at the Taoist hermit.

\[Constellation ruling over the Peninsula's Winds has revealed his
Modifier\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Heavenly Wind God', is now looking at you\!\]

The 'Heavenly Wind God'  the Constellation who founded <Hongik> alongside the
Heavenly King.

His real name was 'Pungbaek', although most of us simply knew him as the God
of Wind.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The Status of the Constellation who had finally revealed his Modifier, caused
strong gusts of wind that resembled the flapping wings of a giant Phoenix, to
sweep past the surroundings. And then, all ambient noises disappeared.

The Reincarnators outside the wind wall were shouting something in my
direction, but I couldn't hear them. Pungbaek had cut off all the sounds
coming from outside.

He probably didn't want others to hear our conversation.

\[Oh, descendant of the Peninsula, I've heard the tales of your bravery. As
your fame spreads far and wide, the status of the Peninsula rises higher in
accordance. This god sees that situation as very satisfactory.\]

I quickly sent a signal with my eyes to Yoo Joonghyuk busy raising his
momentum  telling him to hold it, let's at least hear this guy out first.

\[However, I've heard disturbing stories that lately, you've been building
inappropriate relationships with foreign Constellations.\]

...I began wondering whether I should keep listening or not, though.

\[Archangels and Demon Kings are not Constellations originally from East Asia,
or the Peninsula. Meaning, they are foreign influences.\]

Han Sooyoung shot me a sneaky glare.

 Hey, you. Are you just gonna let this guy be?

 I shall cut him down.

 What the heck, is the wire crossed or something? How come I can hear Yoo
Joonghyuk's voice?

 I combined the Midday Tryst's space.

My declaration prompted an explosion of messages from her and Yoo Joonghyuk.

 Hey\! Stop messing around\! You want me to listen to that arrogant bastard's
voice in my head, too?

 You've taken words out of my mouth.

I sighed softly after seeing the two growl at each other.

 Stop it, both of you. That's not important right now, is it?

While we were squabbling inside our chatroom, Pungbaek was still continuing on
with his dull moral lecture.

\[...meaning, descendant's friendly behaviour towards foreign influences has
caused much dishonour to the Peninsula, and this god considers that as a
weighty crime. However, if you, the descendant, reflect deeply regarding this
matter and repent, then...\]

Hell, a Constellation that agreed with those words even made his appearance,
too.

\[Constellation, 'Founder of National Isolation Policy', agrees in part with
the assertion of 'Heavenly Wind God'.\]

Of course, not everyone was like that; our little peninsula boasted a
surprisingly wide variety of Constellations, after all.

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is polishing his head.\]

\[Constellation, 'First Sorcerer of Joseon', is clicking his tongue.\]

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of Golden Headband', is yawning in boredom.\]

\[Portion of Korean Peninsula's Constellations thinks the declaration by
'Heavenly Wind God' is old-fashioned.\]

\[Who dares to hide behind anonymous Modifiers and run their mouths off?\!\]

As Pungbaek's true voice rang thunderously in the air, the weather above began
shifting ominously. Suppressed by that tremendous aura, several Constellations
quickly shut their mouths.

Whatever the case might have been, he was an existence very close to the
ancestor god of the Peninsula.

Although the individual amount received differed, Constellations of the
Peninsula had indeed received benefits and favours from <Hongik>, and none
could challenge them face to face as a result.

Not even Cheok Jungyeong himself.

\[By the way, why are you still standing up?\]

Eventually, Pungbaek's gaze landed on me. The current atmosphere shifted ever
so slightly from what it was like earlier.

\[Did I not tell you to kneel?\]

Ginormous pressure pushed down on me. Not just me, though; it pushed down on
the entire <Kim Dokja's Company>.

\[Stories from Nebula <Hongik> are observing <Kim Dokja's Company>\!\]

It felt as if a giant ancient tree had bent down to take a look at us  a
giant tree that salivated after the nutrients meant for a new-born sprout.

I quietly held that gaze for a little while, before making my reply. "I don't
want to."

\[Indeed, you don't... What did you say?\]

"I said, I don't want to."

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of Golden Headband', is liking your attitude.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is coaxing you to start with a
punch first.\]

"I came here to participate in the Great War, not to kneel to you."

\[How boundlessly arrogant. I looked favourably at your bravery and wished to
pardon your sins, but...\]

"After you pardon me, what then?"

Pungbaek's brows quivered at my pointed reply.

"You were thinking of absorbing <Kim Dokja's Company> through the authority of
<Hongik>, were you not?"

As if his hidden plot had been accurately pointed out, emotions could be spied
on that stoic Constellation's expression now.

\[It is only obvious that your group must come under the wing of <Hongik>.\]

"Why do you think that?"

\[If <Hongik> did not exercise its might at the beginning, your Nebula
wouldn't have been born.\]

As if he was a parent being betrayed by his child, Pungbaek began shouting at
me.

\[<Hongik> is the founder of the Peninsula\! We gave birth to you, we set the
morality you must follow, and we created the rules. It was us who determined
what you'd see, feel, and think. Because the Story of <Hongik> exists, you
exist here now, and through that Story, you survi...\]

"Four years ago in Earth's time, 'scenarios' began on the Korean Peninsula." I
cut Pungbaek's words off. "When the Peninsula fell into mortal danger, what
did <Hongik> do at that time?"

\[...\!\!\]

"When scenarios began on the Peninsula, when the \[Absolute Throne\] appeared,
when Outer Gods and Calamities descended, and when the Peninsula's
Incarnations and Constellations had to work together because of them..."

Certain memories began rushing back every time I spoke a word. Scenarios,
overcome by the gathering of people who had no one to rely on; the \[Four Yin
Demon Beheading Sword\] plunging down on the blind throne and the Peninsula's
Constellations who lent their Probabilities to that weapon.

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', is glaring at 'Heavenly Wind God'.\]

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', has begun its storytelling\!\]

I didn't do anything, yet the Story began coming to life, anyway. 'King of a
Kingless World' was born as the \[Absolute Throne\] was destroyed.

I recited the story of this Story, and through me, this Story spoke of itself.
"During those times, where were you and the oh-so-great Constellations of
<Hongik>? And what were you all doing?"

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

\[You bastard\!\]

Pungbaek glared at me as if he'd start vomiting blood at any second.

"Of course, I know that you and <Hongik> worked hard to aid the Peninsula
during its infant stages. I do acknowledge the value of the Story you people
possess. Unfortunately, that doesn't mean everyone from the Peninsula must
swear loyalty to you," I finished my speech while watching Pungbaek's beard
tremble from rage. "Everyone has their own way of clearing 'scenarios'. Even
if you're the Peninsula's highest-grade Constellation, you can't interfere
with the actions of <Kim Dokja's Company>."

Cheok Jungyeong seemed to be enjoying my daring, fearless tone of voice. It'd
probably be his first time seeing Pungbaek get treated in this manner.

\[You dare, you dare...\!\]

In place of the rendered-speechless Pungbaek, a Story's forceful aura rose up
from behind him.

\[Giant Story of the Nebula, <Hongik>, is staring at you\!\]

\[Nebula, <Hongik>, is extending its roots towards <Kim Dokja's Company>\!\]

Giant Stories belonging to <Hongik> began rising up to the heavens one by one
like tree branches, and eventually, formed an image of a gigantic tree. I knew
what that was straight away.

The tree that connects the Heavens to Earth below, as well as the totality of
all the Stories that <Hongik> puts to practice; the one Story that supports
all those Stories.

The Fabled Tree, Shindansu.

Every Story of <Hongik> began with that very tree in front of my eyes.
Shindansu spread its holy aura all around and extended its branches made up of
Stories.

Seeing that admonition alone wasn't doing the trick, it was now trying to show
off its might, instead. What a bitter experience that was.

The truly bitter thing about this situation was, though...

"I see that the real highest-ranked Constellations of <Hongik> did disappear."

\[...What do you mean by that?\]

This Shindansu was so much smaller and shabbier compared to the one that I
knew. Not only that, the ends of the tree's roots extending towards us were
all horrifyingly damaged. What I saw were Giant Stories failing to sustain
their shapes after not having absorbed nutrients for a long time; most of the
branches connected to these roots had withered almost beyond recognition.

That was the total sum of what <Hongik> currently possessed.

"I speak of these words because I pity you."

The 'Pungbaek' from the original storyline that I knew was not an obstinate
geezer like this guy. Sure, he wasn't exactly the warmest guy around, but
still, he was a Constellation possessing far greater class and righteousness.

However, something happened to <Hongik> and the Nebula's influence shrunk back
at a rapid pace. The reason why Pungbaek became so destitute probably had
something to do with that event.

\[You dare to show disdain towards this god?\!\]

Pungbaek roared out and roused up the powers of the wind; giant storm energy
began gathering all around us. As the enormous Status suppressed the entire
land, Reincarnators from 'Kaizenix Archipelago' began writhing around in pain.

Han Sooyoung urged me one more time.

 Kim Dokja.

I nodded my head.

Although the current appearance of <Hongik> was lamentable, at the end of the
day, it had nothing to do with us.

I took a step forward, prompting Yoo Joonghyuk next to me to unsheathe his
sword, while Han Sooyoung unfurled the bandages on her left arm. And then...

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The Giant Stories that had been held back until now opened their mouths
simultaneously. Not only that...

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is repeating its storytelling as if
it's displeased.\]

...Along with a Giant Story that wasn't even one of ours, too.

Shu-weh-eh-eh-ehk\!\!

The roots of the giant tree flying in towards us began crumbling away from the
billowing waves generated from our Stories.

\[Body of the Giant Story, 'Shindansu', is in great pain\!\]

Those menacing roots extending out to swallow us whole faltered in their
tracks and scattered away  as if scared by the stories it could not devour.
The still-intact roots belatedly retreated, and the withered, bony branches
screamed out loudly.

\[Body of the Giant Story, 'Shindansu', refuses to heed the orders of
'Heavenly Wind God'.\]

\[But, how...?\]

Shindansu withdrew its roots and instantly vanished from the view.

Perhaps taken greatly by surprise from the Statuses of the Giant Stories we
possessed, the freaking-out Pungbaek staggered back several steps.

I sensed the Constellations scattered around the neutral zone looking in this
direction after getting startled by this disturbance.

\[Baat\!\]

Biyoo suddenly popped up right above my head as if she was waiting for this
moment. At the same time, I sensed her channel opening up.

\[A large number of Constellations have joined the channel\!\]

Biyoo's channel was connected to Bihyung's broadcast channel; I could picture
that Dokkaebi's pleased face already.

It was pretty clear why he had induced this situation; although I wasn't too
happy about it, this was something that had to be done sooner or later,
anyway.

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is paying attention to your
voice\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is waiting for your story.\]

\[Demon King, 'Ruler of East Hell', is staring at you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Scribe of Heaven', is waiting for you.\]

\[Constellations of 'Good', 'Evil', and 'Neutral' are carefully observing
you.\]

Several indirect messages floated up one after the other.

I stared at Pungbaek and opened my lips to issue a warning not just aimed at
<Hongik>. "I will not say that everything we do will be righteous. However,
the paths we tread will be decided by us alone."

I declared loudly towards the Constellations of the world.

"And, no one can change our decision."


