### Chapter 380: Ep. 72 - Three Methods, IV

"...Han Sooyoung?"

I thought I heard her voice, but her aura disappeared rather quickly.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', cannot acknowledge your selection\!\]

\[Worldview is displaying an abnormal reaction.\]

Yuri di Aristel, inadvertently now holding Unbroken Faith, began trembling and
shouted out loudly. "You d-dare to do something like this...\!\!"

\[You're a suitable heir to the crown of Kaizenix Archipelago.\]

\[Your throne is being handed over to the character 'Han Sooyoung'.\]

\[Worldview cannot understand your choice.\]

Rays of bright light began leaking out from Yuri di Aristel's body.

Those were Stories that didn't belong to her; indeed, they were Han
Sooyoung's, stuff that I knew very well.

Yuri di Aristel hugged her shoulders as if she didn't want to let any of those
Stories to slip out of her.

"I won't let Sooyoung go like this\!"

Tsu-chut, chuchuchut\!\!

"Be still\! I told you that I'll take full responsibility, didn't I??" She
wasn't speaking to me right now. "I didn't want this sort of development,
either\! I, I only thought that, if you continued to stay in this island...\!"

I could guess who Yuri di Aristel was talking to, and what the topic of their
conversation right now was.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint', has activated.\]

The time Yuri di Aristel and Han Sooyoung had spent together was flowing by
like a river of fragments.

"You said that you'll stay with me\! You said that you'll become my guardian,
didn't you?\! I really loved the scenario you've shown me. I can't let you go
like this\! I...\!\!"

"My bad, Yuri."

Blood bubbled out of her mouth and she staggered unsteadily before collapsing
on the ground. I hurriedly held her in an embrace. Most likely, there was a
war being fought between Han Sooyoung and Yuri di Aristel inside this body
right about now.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is...\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth', is...\]

Giant Stories were bitterly fighting against each other in order to take over
her body.

The surrounding folks also fell into a pit of sudden confusion as well.

"Our king has changed?"

"But, with a method like this...?"

"So, does this mean that the legitimate king has appeared among us?"

The royal guards and the kingdom's citizens were exchanging glances with
complicated eyes and whispered amongst themselves.

"In that case, what about our world's genre..."

"Shh\! Have you forgotten that such words are still prohibited? Just focus on
sticking to your role\!"

Then again, I'd also form an expression similar to theirs if I heard that this
world's genre had suddenly become \[Kim Dokja's Company\].

Yoo Joonghyuk standing next to me spoke up. "Kim Dokja, we acted too rashly."

"I know."

"This archipelago isn't prepared enough yet to accept Han Sooyoung as its
ruler."

"Since she had built up a good foundation already, I thought it was doable,
you know. I mean, she was the queen of this place up until a few moments ago."

"She wasn't its rightful ruler. Because there is a faction unwilling to
acknowledge her that we still have the 'revolutionaries'."

A forceful change of the throne would always lead to a great deal of birthing
pain. For instance, Yuri di Aristel's 'throne usurpation' during this scenario
was not a part of the original 'Kaizenix Archipelago' scenario.

The queen's unpredictable action, and our subsequent actions, were completely
foreign events to the Reincarnators of the 'Kaizenix Archipelago' who had
repeated the exact same scenario over and over again.

\[Genre selection has been completed.\]

\[Applicable genre's clear conditions have not been met.\]

This world was not yet ready to accept the brand-new genre that we had
created.

  

* * *

  

\[<Star Stream> is discussing the topic of the applicable scenario's clear
condition.\]

"Things have become complicated."

Yoo Joonghyuk and I were looking at Han Sooyoung lying on top of a luxurious
bed.

From a while ago, the sounds of chaotic explosions continued to ring out from
beyond the royal castle's walls. All the ruckus was made by two factions
fighting a bloody battle, one agreeing to the ascension of their new ruler,
and the other being the citizens who rejected her.

"Yuri di Aristel's rule was bound to fail in the end," said Yoo Joonghyuk in a
critical tone of voice. "As for us, we should've tried to gather the king's
flagbearers scattered around the powerful families in the kingdom. After that,
steadily erode away the king's influence, and unveil the Unbroken Faith to
complete the task. If that happened, the archipelago wouldn't have fallen into
chaos like this."

"Right, that would've been the best-case scenario."

"If you knew that, then why..."

"However, had we stuck to that plan, then..." I stopped there for a bit and
observed Han Sooyoung's face. "...Her 50 years would've become even longer, you
know."

"..."

"I didn't want to extend her 50 years by even one minute if I could help it."

I was being serious here.

The moment I arrived in this world and realized that Han Sooyoung had to spend
50 years here, I just couldn't escape from this one overwhelming emotion.

Someone was sacrificed again because of me.

Han Sooyoung who had to endure the time frame of 50 years  could she still
maintain a normal, functioning mind?

Was she able to maintain the ego of the Han Sooyoung that I know of?

"This is all because I made a deal with the 'King of Reincarnators'."

It 'd b een be tter if I sac rificed myself ins tead.

I turned my head to discover Yoo Joonghyuk glaring at me as if I was a
pathetic fool. His lips bobbed up and down several times, but then, squeezed
his eyes shut as if to suppress his anger and leaned his back against the
couch's cushions.

"I'd like to say something, but it seems that someone else will do that for
me, instead."

"What?"

Right in that next instant, fiery pain shot up from the back of my head.

"Hey, Kim Dokja\!"

I looked back to find a familiar grinning face waiting for me.

"Everything's screwed up because of you\!"

Han Sooyoung brushed her hair lazily and sat upright, before smacking me in
the head once more.

  

* * *

  

Once Han Sooyoung woke up, we immediately dove into an emergency meeting.
Other than her pale complexion, she was in pretty high spirits.

"I left behind methods for you to follow, didn't I? How come you lot can't
even do what's in the manual?\! You guys are even worse than Lee Hyunsung\!
You hear me?\!"

I spotted Lee Hyunsung, guarding the door to our room alongside Jung Heewon,
peek his head inside through the open gap for a moment there.

"Kim Dokja. Recite to me the three methods I wrote down."

"First method, 'Fusion Fantasy' route."

"And what did it say?"

"Borrow the powers of the Outer Gods and clear the scenario... Hey, you. That's
a stupid idea from the get-go, isn't it??"

"Okay, then. The second one."

Even though I felt this inexplicable sense of unfairness, I nevertheless
continued to read Han Sooyoung's book like a school textbook.

"The second method, 'Fantasy'."

"The contents?"

"Start a revolt and kill the king. Hang on a sec, why am I reading thi..."

Her palm smacked me in the back of the head again.

God damn it, this punk...

"The third method, 'Romance'."

"And its contents are?"

"Marry Yuri di Aristel."

"And just what did you choose?"

"The third method?"

"And are we currently married?"

"Nope."

"And why the hell not?\!"

I quickly evaded her flying smack and cried out. "Hey\! There's no freaking
way that these are the correct methods\! Did you write these down while
seriously expecting us to carry them out?\!"

"You think I wrote them for your entertainment, then??"

Han Sooyoung breathed heavily like an angry bull and began wagging her finger
at me.

"If only you accepted the marriage proposal, everything would've been resolved
by now\! If your legitimate claim to the throne was united with Yuri di
Aristel's martial prowess, the archipelago wouldn't have fractured into pieces
like right now\!"

"But, if I did that, then you'd have ended up stuck..."

"I could've easily convinced Yuri\! My original plan was supposed to begin
properly only after you got married to her\!"

"...You were busy praising me for finding a solution on my own earlier, though?"

"I was merely impressed by your stupidly bad interpretation of the situation."

Damn it, that's how it was?

Han Sooyoung spat out a groan and continued on. "So? What are we going to do
now?"

The revolutionaries, or the royal guards  didn't matter which side we pick,
the situation would quickly descend into the worst situation imaginable.

\[Error has occurred in the scenario.\]

\[Worldview cannot accept the conclusion to the applicable scenario.\]

\[Worldview is uncertain whether the character 'Han Sooyoung' possesses the
qualifications of the ruler or not.\]

\[<Star Stream> is discussing the topic of the applicable scenario's clear
condition.\]

Citizens were fighting amongst themselves, and we were unable to leave the
scenario.

I looked at Han Sooyoung and spoke. "I'm really sorry for being so late."

She shrugged her shoulders and replied. "Yup, it's been long, these past 50
years."

I couldn't find the right words to reply to her relaxed attitude.

As if wanting to lighten my load, she continued on. "Actually, I can't
remember all that well."

"But, that doesn't sound right."

"Do you honestly believe that I'd really live out those 50 years, just like
that?"

"What then?"

"I forgot most of them. More correctly, I erased them deliberately. If I did
remember them, I'd probably have gone crazy by now."

Only then did I finally realize what her situation was. She possessed the
skill \[Avatar\]. And it was a pretty useful skill in erasing her memories,
depending on how it was utilised.

"The reason why I left that book behind was to preserve the stuff I'd forget."

"You made a wise decision."

"It was a cowardly method, you know. Not something to be praised, anyhow."

Han Sooyoung glanced at the corner of the room and spoke up. "Well, there is a
monster in the world who had lived far longer than I have and chose not to
forget a single thing, after all."

She didn't have to say who it was for me to know who she was referring to
here.

In order to lighten the awkward atmosphere, I resorted to making exaggerated
gestures while raising my voice. "Okay, let's not worry about that and think
up of a solution from now on. Speaking from the perspective of a reader, the
next portion of the story should be..."

Han Sooyoung realized what I was trying to do and quickly butted in. "Nope.
Judging from the perspective of a writer, the things we need to do right now
are..."

Han Sooyoung and I began yapping amongst ourselves with whatever we could
think up. Such as, summon a Dokkaebi and lodge our complaints, or summon a
low-ranked Outer God we are confident of dealing with, or even smashing apart
whatever was in our way, scenario or not, and try to escape from here...

"Both of you, shut up."

...And both of us did shut up after hearing Yoo Joonghyuk's words.

Han Sooyoung studied his mood for a bit and stuck to my side while muttering
out loudly. "Well, it should be fine to trust the instincts of the protagonist
every now and then."

I nodded my head in agreement.

Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth in the meantime.

"Later, today in the afternoon, the flagbearers of the archipelago will gather
at the royal palace. That's when we fight."

"A bog-standard tactic, then."

"That's the only method."

Yoo Joonghyuk was right, though.

Sometimes, the standard way of handling things was the best solution
available.

  

* * *

  

Night came knocking pretty quickly. Nobles dispatched by the influential
families had gathered in the audience chamber; we hurried our steps towards
there as well.

The whole of the archipelago was boiling over with this unidentifiable
hostility.

The faction arguing to distinguish the legitimate king; another faction who
sympathised with the Dark Magician; and finally, a faction utterly hostile
towards our entire group.

As we walked in the hallways filled to the brim with chaotic aura, Jung Heewon
muttered to herself. "...If only the kids were with us, it'd have been so much
better. How unfortunate."

True, if the kids possessing taming skills were here, or even Lee Jihye with
the ability to fight in a large-scale battle, we wouldn't have felt this much
pressure.

"They have things they must do by themselves. Most likely, they are in the
middle of their own scenarios."

"What about Hayoung-ssi?"

"Technically speaking, Hayoung isn't a member of <Kim Dokja's Company>, so she
should've been summoned to a different scenario from ours."

If things were going according to the original storyline, then Jang Hayoung
should be performing her own role somewhere else. And that was something I
couldn't help her with.

I walked faster through the hallways under the protection of Jung Heewon and
Lee Hyunsung.

In front of us, Han Sooyoung and Yoo Joonghyuk were competing in a mini foot
race to see who could stay ahead. It felt like I was watching a stork and a
crow-tit1 compete against each other.

Jung Heewon watching the same spectacle as me sneaked closer to whisper
something in my ear. "Dokja-ssi?"

"Yes?"

"I might be overstepping my boundary here a bit, but I think you should know
about this."

"Regarding?"

She locked her gaze on the backs of Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung, and hushed
her voice even further.

"In regards to those two's relationship."

  

* * *

\[1\] **Crow-tit and a stork**  "If a crow tit walks like a stork, it will
break its legs" is an old Korean idiom meaning "do not bite off more than you
can chew."


