### Chapter 366: Ep. 69 - Archangel Hunting, II

Anna Croft and I moved towards the battlefield right away.

Completely lost to madness now, Michael was ripping apart every single
Constellation and Incarnation near him to bloody shreds.

The 'Evil' born only to destroy 'Evil'.

After transforming into a Corrupted Angel, just Michael's combat prowess alone
would not lose out to that of Poseidon or Hades.

\[Quite a few Constellations are paying more attention to the situation
unfolding on the 'Middle Island No.3'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is looking at you with worried
eyes.\]

Those Constellations who had either already made their way into the 'Main
Island', or hadn't participated in the 'Great War of Saints and Demons', began
shifting their gazes in this direction now.

After we reached the edge of Michael's firing range, Anna Croft spoke to me.
"Getting any closer than this will be dangerous. My \[Covert Operations\]
skill can only..."

I reached out and grasped her wrist.

\[Story, 'Pebble and I', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Story, 'Pebble and I', is puzzled by the existence of 'Anna Croft'.\]

"Take care of this woman, as well."

\[Story, 'Pebble and I', is looking at you with a slightly dissatisfied
expression.\]

\[Story, 'Pebble and I', has assimilated 'Anna Croft' into its effect.\]

With that, we bravely ran through the battlefield. Michael and the other
Constellations didn't sense our presence at all. Most likely, we looked like a
pair of pebbles rolling around on the ground or some such.

Anna Croft asked me with a shocked voice. "What is up with this Story??"

"It's a Story for turning into a pebble."

Since we didn't have time, I replied to her like that.

Corpses of Constellations littered the pathways of the battlefield. Every now
and then, we spotted still-breathing ones, too. Such as the Demon King from
the 68th Demon Realm, 'Darkness of no Value', Belial.

After suffering from Michael's attacks, he was barely holding on as Stories
continued to leak out from his body. Wait, now that I thought about it, this
dude was also aiming for me, wasn't he?

Stab\!

I oh-so-calmly sunk my Unbroken Faith in his body next.

\[You have eliminated the 68th Demon Realm's Demon King\!\]

\[Applicable Demon King is of a lower ranking than you are, and there is no
change to the ranking.\]

\[You have acquired the \[Modifier Necklace\], 'Darkness of no Value'.\]

\[You have murdered a fifth Demon King Incarnation Body.\]

\[Possibility of a new Attribute is opening up to you\!\]

"But, aren't you a Demon King yourself?\! Can you actually kill them like
that??"

"Well, I'll just give up being a Demon King, then."

Anna Croft heard my perfectly-composed glib reply and formed a dumbfounded
expression.

Ku-gugugugu\!\!

We heard the noises of Michael's Status flooding out right behind us. If the
Probability of the 2nd generation was slightly weaker, the entire forest
would've been blown away by that power already.

"We don't have much time left, so let's hurry. Asmodeus should be in a state
similar to this guy."

The forest's path near our position was decorated by the fallen fragments of a
Demon King's Stories. These traces belonged to a much-higher ranked Demon
King, one that couldn't be compared to Belial. You didn't have to be a genius
to figure out who they belonged to.

We brushed past the bushes for a bit until finally discovering a figure of a
person leaning against the foot of a tall, ancient tree.

\[...So, you did show up.\]

As if he knew that I'd show up, Asmodeus was waiting for me with a smile on
his face.

An arm and a leg of his Incarnation Body were cut off and missing; his chest
area had been crushed as well, and he was truly hanging precariously on his
last breaths.

\[To think that Michael possessed the authority of 'Corrupted'... you knew that
from the beginning, didn't you?\]

Asmodeus formed an expression of someone who had realized everything now.

\[And you're going to take away my necklace.\]

"Correct."

Asmodeus's overturned \[Modifier Necklace\] gleamed brightly. If I took a hold
of all the words on that necklace, the Demon King should be kicked out of the
ongoing 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.

\[In that case, you should hurry up.\]

Asmodeus's Incarnation Body belonged to a girl of around sixteen years of age.
Even if this body died, Asmodeus's real self wouldn't die.

However, that body would die for real. And it... she, was the daughter of
Manager Han Myungoh.

"I won't kill you. Instead, let's make a trade."

\[Trade? You want to trade after coming this far?\]

"Kindly hand over a Myth-grade Story to me. Then, I won't eliminate you from
this scenario."

Asmodeus broke out into a loud peal of laughter before vomiting out a mouthful
of blood.

\[Now that is a rather amusing notion. Are you threatening me right now?\]

"I am."

For a brief moment there, palpable tension flowed between the Demon King and
I. Asmodeus glared at me, but the light in his eyes seemed to contain a faint
trace of resignation.

\[You have become a true 'Demon King' now, haven't you. No one in the 72 seats
would be able to deny that you're a true Demon King.\]

"Thanks for the compliment."

\[However, there is a problem with your offer. Your target is me, so with what
method will you not kick me out?\]

"If you don't lose all of your words, you don't get eliminated from the
scenario. I'll leave you with one word remaining."

The word I was planning to leave behind was 'Of', which was something I
already had as a spare. Asmodeus spoke back.

\[I'm so thankful that I might cry now.\]

I extended my hand towards his \[Modifier Necklace\]. Syllables began flowing
out one by one from the item next.

\[Modifier syllable, 'Lu' has been acquired.\]

\[Modifier syllable, 'St' has been acquired.\]

\[Modifier syllable, 'And' has been acquired.\]

\[Modifier syllable, 'Wra' has been acquired.\]

...

When around half of the syllables came my way, Asmodeus spoke up while
glancing at my own Modifier. No, more specifically, he must've been looking at
the 'Tion' of my Modifier.

\[Now that I take a look from up close, your Modifier truly is a tempting
one.\]

I quickly hid the \[Modifier Necklace\] under my clothes and replied.

"Don't try to kill Michael, and just try to steal one word from him. If it's
you, it should be more than doable, right?"

\[Just one word, is it... Are you perchance speaking of this one?\]

It was at that moment that a certain necklace held in his still-fine hand
caught my eyes.

\[Hunter of Grudges\]

His 'targeted necklace' with all of the words completed began emitting a
bright glow.

\[Demon King, 'Devil of Lust and Wrath', has attained the scenario clear
condition\!\]

\[Transmission to the next scenario has begun.\]

I reflexively took a look at my own Modifier necklace. It still said \[Demon
King of Salvation\]. Meaning, that 'Gru' didn't come from mine.

\[I knew that this was a trap the moment Michael became corrupted.\]

...No way, during such a short window?

The transmission to the next scenario began and Asmodeus's Incarnation Body
slowly dispersed before my eyes.

\[Did you really think that I wouldn't have made contingency plans for a
situation like this one?\]

From the onset, Asmodeus fought Michael for the express purpose of acquiring
the syllable \[Gru\], nothing more. I belatedly reached out towards the Demon
King, but things were already beyond my ability to interfere now.

\[I pray you good fortune, 'Demon King of Salvation'. Because... you too also
need to collect just one more 'word' from now on.\]

Accompanied by a brilliant flash of light, Asmodeus's body disappeared from
the spot. And the only things I had with me were those Modifier words that he
left behind.

\[De of Lust and Wrath\]

God damn it, why did it have to be \[Vil\]...?

I underestimated Asmodeus, didn't I? I turned my head around to find Anna
Croft glaring daggers at me.

"What about the promise with m..."

"Shh."

I reflexively placed my finger on my lips. Something felt off. Up until only a
few seconds ago, the whole forest was awash with the chaotic screaming, but it
was just too damn quiet now.

...As if all lifeforms had been killed off within the area.

Just as all the leaves and blades of grass in our surroundings stood up, so
did the hair on my skin. I almost instinctively shouted out.

"Activate \[Precognition\], now\!"

Her \[Eye of the Great Demon\] glowed in a bright crimson colour. Then, Anna
Croft grabbed me and broke into a desperate sprint. After dashing over a
hundred meters in an instant, she took a quick look behind her. I, too, was
staring at the same spectacle as her.

Kuwah-aaaaah\!\!

The spot we were in only a moment ago was now being enveloped in a gigantic
explosion. A purple-coloured half-dome reminiscent of a barrier collapsed in
on itself in the blink of an eye and destroyed everything trapped within.

That was the \[Judgement Field\], the ability to destroy everything that could
only be earned through 'Corruption'.

Anna Croft spoke in a despairing voice. "There's too much noise and I can't
see the future\!"

"No need to see everything. You just need to read Michael's attack patterns."

"You still wish to fight him? If we use that 'let's become pebbles' Story or
some such, we can surely escape from..."

"Didn't you see that guy attacking even the stones on the ground just now?"

The Archangel hell-bent on killing me was walking out of the crater where
purple-coloured smoke was rising up. Michael's Story, now triggered by the
\[Fruit of Good and Evil\], was controlling his entire being. The Corrupted
Archangel had already lost half of his reasoning.

\[Demon King... of... Sal... vation...\]

His powerful voice roused up all the goosebumps on my skin just by hearing it
from afar.

"...Yup, he's definitely not sane at the moment."

"Damn it, this is all your fault\!\!"

"Let's go with Plan B."

"Plan B? You haven't even told me about that yet\!"

"I'm trying to come up with it n..."

I couldn't finish my sentence. Raging storm winds crashing in blew Anna Croft
away to a distance, that's why. Right after that, I saw Michael's large,
hulking frame rush towards me in a frightening turn of speed.

\['Demon King Transformation' has been activated\!\]

Along with cracking noises, my body began changing; a pair of jet-black wings
and the horns of a Demon King rose up from my back and my head. Thanks to the
Probability of the 2nd generation, my own Status had been strengthened
further, as well. Of course, it'd still be a dog's death trying to fight him
with only this much Status, though.

\[Attribute, 'Scenario Interpreter', has been activated.\]

However, it wasn't me who would be facing off against this guy.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Indeed, it would be the 'Stories' that I had earned so far.

KWA-BOOM\!\!\!

The Demon Realm's Spring loaded up on my left hand collided with Michael's
own left fist. Almost at the same time, the holy flames of the Torch burning
on Unbroken Faith aimed for the Corrupted Archangel's body.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is crying out in enjoyment\!\]

Michael was instantly shocked by what happened and quickly retreated while
contorting his body.

The power of the 'Giant Stories' was truly amazing. To think, they were able
to face off against that frightening monster, even if he had been restricted
currently by the shackles of the Probability of the 2nd generation. Indeed, it
was not a waste of time to train under Yoo Hoseong earlier.

\[Story, 'Evil that Destroys Evil', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Eden's Demon', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Unfortunately, I wasn't the only one who possessed a powerful Story.

Kugugugugu-\!\!

The incredible pressure emitted with Michael as its center caused all my
Stories to gasp out in pain. My Status was not quite enough to fight face to
face with this Archangel, as it turned out.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is roaring out in vexation.\]

Sorry about that. If only I was a little stronger, you wouldn't have to hold
yourself back like this. Soon afterwards, a fearsome strike flew in and I
received an incredible, stomach-churning impact.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is protecting you.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is protecting you.\]

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', is protecting you.\]

\[Story, 'One who Opposes the Miracle', is protecting you.\]

...

My Stories were dealing with the Archangel's attacks in my stead. For a brief
moment there, several thoughts brushed past my brain.

What if I used \[Hell of Eternity\]?

What if I activated \[Electrification\] and \[Way of the Wind\]
simultaneously?

Awaken \[Bookmarks\] and call upon other characters?

No matter what I thought of, I just couldn't see a clear way out of this. So,
did that mean I only have that method left? But, I so wanted to avoid ending
up in that pathetic state again.

Michael took large strides to come closer as I vomited out a bucketful of
blood and backed away. He must've decided to end this right now, as purple-
coloured aura was oozing out from one of his hands.

Soon, a purple-coloured half-dome was generated within my surroundings. There
it was, the Stigma that couldn't be cancelled once activated  the judge that
punishes all 'Evil', \[Judgement Field\], was spreading out around me.

It looked as if my punishment would be in the form of compression to death.

"...Michael."

However, did he know this small fact? That I'd been waiting for him to
activate that Stigma of his?

"No, hang on... Corrupted Angel 'Lucifer'."

\[Demon King, 'King of Corrupted Angels', hates that name\!\]

Originally, Lucifer was one of the main players that was supposed to lead the
'Great War of Saints and Demons' to its conclusion.

No 'Evil' in this world can defeat the 'King of Corrupted Angels'.

This 'Evil' grew even stronger when confronting other 'Evil'. And eventually,
this monster would swallow up all 'Evil' out there. Heck, even a high-ranking
Demon King within the top 10 positions wouldn't be able to kill this guy.
Because he'd become the strongest existence in this world while fighting
against 'Evil'.

However, what would happen if his opponent was not 'Evil'?

All incredible power had a corresponding price to pay; while looking at the
\[Judgement Field\] that was only around ten or so meters away from me, I
reached into my inner pocket.

What I pulled out was a single apple  the \[Star Relic Fruit\] that I
received from the 'Scribe of Heaven' just before 'Gigantomachia' went
underway.

"Hey, don't you miss the taste of this thing?"

Michael's eyes began to quake rather noticeably now. He should be able to
recognise this apple, because he too, had consumed this fruit once before.

"When an angel eats a \[Fruit of Good and Evil\], it'd go through \[Demon King
Transformation\]. But, if a Demon King eats this fruit, what will happen?"

I could see the flustered Michael hurriedly extend his hand out.

Sorry, but it's too late now.

Just before the \[Judgement Field\] crushed my body...

...With a crunch, I took a bite out of the \[Fruit of Good and Evil\].


