### Chapter 413: Ep. 78 - Twist/, V

I remained within my crushed consciousness as Stories continued to send
whispers in my direction.

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

Yes, I'm still listening.

I haven't fallen asleep.

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', is sustaining you.\]

I endured on while eating the Stories I lived through like a newborn chick
being fed. After every sensation from my skin and joints disappeared, it felt
as if time had stopped moving. It was like a clock tasked with maintaining my
inner balance was broken.

\['Final Dragon of the Book of Revelation' is letting out a violent roar\!\]

\[Indescribable Distance' is glaring at 'Final Dragon of the Book of
Revelation'.\]

The contest of strength was still going on outside. A face-off, one calamity
against the other.

I could sense the vibration from the shockwave spreading from far away, even
inside this fog.

Although the Status remained strong, the size of the vibration was gradually
weakening. As I expected, it seemed that the 'Indescribable Distance' was in a
superior position.

The Apocalypse Dragon was so strong that it surpassed all possible
imaginations, but as a calamity, it had woken up from its seal not too long
ago. It'd not be quite enough to contend with the 'Indescribable Distance'
that had been drifting around in the <Star Stream> for a long, long time.

So, the balance of power would slowly tilt towards the latter. The problem
would be with its clones, though.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' 3rd stage is activating\!\]

I planned to not use this power on my companions. Unfortunately, I didn't have
any other choice in my current situation.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

Accompanied by the pain akin to my head being crushed, dim, indistinct images
floated up to my view. The white noise was pretty intense, perhaps due to the
worsening damage to the Stories, but I could still just about make out the
contents somehow.

"Go and save Kim Dokja."

The chaotic battlefield appeared before me. And then, I saw the Ruyi Bang
rocking the skies of that battlefield as well.

He did come.

Golden-coloured thin fur danced entrancingly in the air. Jang Hayoung, ably
enduring the advent of the Great Sage, was releasing her new-found Status
towards the sky. The Black Flame Dragon and Uriel were helping her out, and
behind them, I also saw Kyrgios and the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, too.

Hades and Persephone were protecting my companions from the clones. The 'Mass
Production Maker' was busy loading the collapsed Constellations in his
\[X-grade Ferrarghini\]...

And soon, a huge explosion noise resounded out from the center of the
battlefield, and a gigantic ship suddenly made its appearance.

This is the sign of the covenant I am making between me and you and every
living creature with you, a covenant for all generations to come.

The Story of the Ark as written by <Eden> began dyeing the battlefield. It
seemed to me that Metatron had come to a decision. Indeed, he must've realized
that sealing the Apocalypse Dragon away would be too difficult at this point.

"Ahjussi..."

Shin Yoosung and Lee Jihye aboard the Ark were looking up at the sky. The
former was supporting Lee Gilyoung, who seemed to have blacked out. It was her
duty to stop the boy from going on a rampage, and thankfully, my Incarnation
seemed to be performing her duty admirably.

Constellations and Incarnations had evacuated onto the Ark, and then, I heard
the sound of the Island collapsing.

\[Constellation, 'Mandala's Guardian', is looking at you.\]

I thought that a faint outline of the Buddhist rosary had appeared before my
eyes, and that was when I heard his true voice.

\[Oh, dear child. It has finally come to this.\]

I could only smile weakly towards him.

'You knew this would happen already'.

The 108 rosary beads that appeared before my eyes began emitting wondrous
light.

Sakyamuni must've predicted this moment as soon as I appeared in his radar.

To him, the flow of time wasn't in a straight line but actually, one giant
circle. He might not know of the detailed information on the future, but
through the events of the past, he was able to read the present.

\[The history of this island comes to an end here. And things will get rather
busy from now on.\]

I already knew why he'd get 'busy' thanks to the 'Ways of Survival'.

The rosary beads vibrated all at once as they became whiter and whiter. Soon,
this island would be closed. And just like what happened tens of thousands of
years ago, this island would seal the Apocalypse Dragon once more.

This island would become a giant rosary that contains the Apocalypse Dragon.

'Please, allow my companions on the Ark to escape from the island'.

The rosary before me emitted a faint trace of light. It was a sign of
agreement.

\[However, you can't be saved, my child.\]

I nodded my head.

I thought as much.

Well, I was stuck right in the middle of the Apocalypse Dragon and the
Nameless Mist, after all.

\[Oh, dear child, I pray for story's...\]

His true voice was swept up by the shockwave as well as the wave of the fog of
darkness and got erased.

My whole body began shuddering like a lone leaf in the wind. The rate of my
fragmented Stories disintegrating was speeding up. I curled up even more.

I was almost there.

If I endure this part, then <Kim Dokja's Company> would acquire a brand-new
Giant Story.

We'd be able to meet the condition of 'Twist \(\)' that leads us towards the
Final Scenario.

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', has stopped its storytelling.\]

But then, Stories began cutting out one by one.

\[Story, 'Returnee's Disciple', has stopped its storytelling.\]

\[Story, 'Gourmet Association's Heretic', has stopped its storytelling.\]

It became harder to breathe and my vision grew dimmer.

\[Story, 'One Who Is Loved By an Archangel', has stopped its storytelling.\]

I knew that everything would be over if I lose my consciousness here.

\[Story, 'One Who Hunted the King of Calamity', is curling up.\]

\[Story, 'One Who Killed an Outer God', is resisting.\]

That was why I desperately held on to my consciousness.

I filled my head trying to get away from me with intimately familiar words.

Right, let me recall the 'Ways of Survival'.

For some extraordinary reason, though, what appeared in my mind wasn't the
contents of the 'Ways of Survival', but my life during my middle school years.
Memories of me sneakily using the PC without the knowledge of my cousins to
read the 'Ways of Survival', or when I was doodling on the corners of the
school textbook. Memories, when I transcribed the contents of the novel on a
notebook, or when I drew up the chart of the power scale of all the
characters.

 Dokja, would you like to become a writer when you grow up?

A teacher asked me that after discovering my doodling. I replied that what I
wanted to become wasn't a writer, but a reader. The teacher formed a strange
expression after hearing that, but eventually smiled back at me.

 That's not such a bad idea. Because a book needs a reader to be complete.

That teacher-nim who said that to me passed away four days later due to a car
accident.

That was life.

I knew that. I knew that life was not some story.

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', has stopped its storytelling.\]

However, even still...

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', is continuing on with its
storytelling.\]

I would've liked this life to become a story.

'I want to live'.

I reached out, but there was no sense of anything.

From afar, something was breaking past the battlefield of the Apocalypse
Dragon and the Outer God to approach my location. Although it was an
incredibly faint general outline of a person, I recognised who it was right
away.

\[<Star Stream> is acknowledging your stunning achievement.\]

\[You have acquired a new 'Giant Story'.\]

Warm rays of light leaked in from somewhere and enveloped my body. Just as I
tried to say something, a voice came to me from somewhere.

  

* * *

  

I want to save him.

I definitely want to save him.

Han Sooyoung bit her lips hard enough to draw blood and thought to herself
over and over again.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is currently activating 'Will to
Live Lv.1'.\]

Anyone who heard that message would think the same as her.

It wasn't from just anyone, but from that Kim Dokja.

"It's still not too late."

Han Sooyoung heard Yoo Joonghyuk's words and wiped the blood trickling down
her lip before forming a grin. "You know, I've never yielded to anyone in my
life before."

"I know that you've reached your limit."

"You talking about yourself?"

"I can endure longer than you."

Kim Dokja wasn't too far from them now. However, both time and their situation
didn't look good at all.

The forward momentum Jung Heewon added earlier could only take them this far.
With their remaining energy, they were unable to fight against the clones nor
break past that thick fog of darkness.

Ku-gugugugu...

From Han Sooyoung's bandages, now unwrapped, a mixture of blood and Stories
flooded out. Her complexion was now incredibly pale.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke. "Are you planning to meet a dog's death here?"

"It's just that, I can't trust you 100%, that's all."

Something cold flitted in and out of Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes just then.

She still asked him, though. "You know that I possess \[Lie Detection\],
right?"

"Of course."

"Do you really consider Kim Dokja as your companion?"

"You're asking an unnecessary question."

"I know that the two of you went through all sorts of crappy scenarios and
built up some sort of a bond in the process. But, separate from all that,
there is something I still can't wrap my head around." Unlike what she said
earlier, she didn't activate \[Lie Detection\] during her speech. "You
originally didn't have any allies and stuff like that. But, you've changed so
much after entering this regression turn."

"..."

"That's why I can't trust you. You used to forsake your allies all for your
great cause, so why are you trying to rescue Kim Dokja now?"

Yoo Joonghyuk's gaze met Han Sooyoung's.

It had been such a long time since she last saw him in a pitch-black darkness
that for a moment there, she involuntarily ended up shuddering. It was
possible that she had touched something she shouldn't have. Because she didn't
know much about Yoo Joonghyuk's regression turns, to begin with.

He replied to her. "Once these scenarios come to an end, there is something I
must confirm with Kim Dokja."

One couldn't read any emotions or thoughts from his face. That was like his
version of despair, maybe his rage, or even his hellish loneliness. Or, it was
possible that none of that belonged to Yoo Joonghyuk but to Han Sooyoung
herself, instead.

"And that is why, until then I..."

As things stood, there was only one truth she could glean from what he said.
"Okay, so, you're planning to keep him alive, is that it?"

She looked to her right hand as she finished speaking. \[Black Flame\] burning
in darkness waited for her there. The very last drops of her magical power
were drawing on her hand.

"You better keep your promise. If you can't save him, then..."

Her burning gaze landed on Yoo Joonghyuk next. Her small palm touched his
back, and then, an intense storm of magical energy whipped up.

"...Just drop dead and go to the next turn\!"

The Black Flame Dragon's grace extending out from her arm permeated into Yoo
Joonghyuk for a moment; the magical energy from Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung
combined in that instance to create wings of light and darkness just beyond
his black coat.

Kuwaaaaaah-\!\!

Yoo Joonghyuk grasped the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] tightly as he crossed
the vast emptiness.

He was able to cross the fog of darkness he couldn't possibly traverse with
his own powers alone with the aid of Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung.

\[Grace of the Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is permeating into
you.\]

\[Grace of the Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is permeating into
you.\]

Even then, his magical power reserve continued to fall. The density of the fog
grew heavier and the starlight grew fainter in turn. Yoo Joonghyuk gritted his
teeth.

He needed a sharper, keener, more accurate story.

A Story that could pierce through that fog of Calamity somehow...

\[Story, 'One who Opposes the Miracle', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

There it was. Right there in the path of emptiness he was gazing at, the
history he lived alongside Kim Dokja lay scattered like the Milky Way. Yoo
Joonghyuk ran on that path.

\[Story, 'One Who Killed an Outer God', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

He ran on one of the Stories, and...

\[Story, 'Giant's Liberator', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

And, as he ran on yet another Story, his Incarnation Body began moving faster
and faster. Soon, gentle rays of golden light enveloped his entire figure.
Transcendence level two, then three... The moment he surpassed level four, his
body transformed temporarily.

Wu-dududuk.

Bones all over his body screamed, and as if it had been completely overhauled,
his appearance changed to become even more agile than before.

And eventually, into Transcendence level five.

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

He saw a star dying alone in the distance. But to him, that guy no longer
looked like a Constellation now.

Kim Dokja.

It was still not too late.

The Stories they remembered still remained, and the people who remembered him
were still alive. The story he so wanted to create, it was still alive and
kicking in this world.

\[Story, 'Kim Dokja's Company', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

You mustn't die in this place.

\[Incarnation Body's durability has reached its limit\!\]

\[The 'Ark' is calling out to you\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk suddenly felt a powerful suction force pulling him from behind.
That power was preventing him from getting closer to Kim Dokja.

\[Constellation, the 'Mandala's Guardian', is calling out to you.\]

"Shut up\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk resisted against all those forces and advanced forward. Kim
Dokja was right in front of his nose. Ten steps away, nine, eight... He endured
against sparks tearing into his body and continued to march on.

Five steps away, four...

He reached out.

He reached out towards the ends of Kim Dokja's clothes drifting aimlessly in
the emptiness. The moment his hand was about to touch the fabric...

Along with the sensation of his breathing coming to a stop, the surroundings
began shaking. It wasn't because he blacked out or had lost his consciousness.

When he regained his wits, he realized that someone was grabbing his wrist. A
firm, strong hand was holding his wrist, not letting it go.

And it happened to be a very familiar hand.

\[Incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk's Sponsor is greatly shaken up.\]

The entire world was trembling; noises of the Apocalypse Dragon and the Outer
God clashing resounded out, and in the distance, the island and its dimension
disintegrating could be seen. But what Yoo Joonghyuk saw just then was far,
far more shocking than those sights of the apocalypse itself.

Past the 'chaos' that was endlessly ominous and impossible to determine how
far it extended, a white coat exactly the same as Kim Dokja's danced in the
space.

This being now carried the unconscious Kim Dokja under his arm.

From the pitch-black darkness, that abyss-like pair of eyes was looking at Yoo
Joonghyuk.

Slowly, agonisingly slowly, trembling spread up from the ends of his toes, and
his grabbed wrist shook like crazy. Because he knew who this being in front of
his eyes was. He knew this being so well and because of that, he couldn't say
anything at all.

 Are you 'Kim Dokja' from the future?

Some time ago, Yoo Joonghyuk had asked that question to a certain someone.

He asked that because he initially thought that only Kim Dokja knew of the
story extending as far as to the 1863rd regression turn.

However, now he thought back to that moment, he realized how stupid that
question was.

A being who knew all the stories right up until the 1863rd turn.

A being who understood a story the best was not the 'reader' who had read it,
but the 'character' that actually lived through that very story.

\[Go back. You can't save anyone.\]


