### Chapter 100: Ep. 20  Disaster of Floods, III

There were bright lights in the sky that shot all over Seoul.

Some lights went to the north while some went to the west. However, the width
of the scattering wasn't large. Most of the lights were gathered in central
Seoul. It was evidence of where the incarnations were gathering to prepare for
the scenario.

"Finally a contract\! I will also have a contract\!" The incarnations waiting
in the area cried out enthusiastically.

I wasn't the only incarnation who survived this far without a sponsor. Soon
little stars emerged over the heads of the incarnations without a contract.
The number of stars represented the number of constellations who wanted the
incarnation.

\[Sponsor Selection\]

Please select your sponsor

Your chosen sponsor will be your strong supporter.

Perhaps by now, all the unsigned incarnations would be seeing the same thing I
was. Of course, mine was probably a bit different.

1\. Prisoner of the Golden Headband.

2\. Abyssal Black Flame Dragon

3\. Secretive Plotter

As expected, there was the Prisoner of the Golden Headband and the Secretive
Plotter. I felt sorry to keep rejecting them but it couldn't be helped.

...This Abyssal Black Flame Dragon was here again. He had Han Sooyoung so why
did he keep coming to me?

4\. Seo Ae Il Pil

5\. Bald General of Justice

6\. King Heungmu the Great.

The great people of the Korean Peninsula also lined up. Seo Ae Il Pil was
probably Ryu Seongryong...

Ah, our Samyeongdang also came. In addition, there was the fox Kim Yushin. Did
he think I would really choose him?

The list continued.

21\. Goryeo's First Sword

22\. God of Wine and Ecstasy

Anyone who was called Korea's best swordsman could be Goryeo's First Sword.
Then there was Dionysus... Olympus had also stepped into the race for Kim Dokja.
I felt a bit confused as the list continued. It was because unexpected
constellations kept appearing.

48\. Black Light of Guidance

49\. Scribe of Heaven

50\. Ruler of Revenge and the Apocalypse

I didn't remember all the modifiers so I only had dim memories of Black Light
of Guidance and Ruler of Revenge and the Apocalypse.

However, I was certain about Scribe of Heaven. That guy, he was a powerful
constellation of the absolute good system. The archangel Metatron. Based on
angelic authority, this guy was ranked much higher than Uriel. This was the
second heavenly being. Dammit, what type of constellations were watching me?

...

The hundreds of stars above my head formed a magnificent spectacle. It was a
brilliance that seemed like it would light up all darkness near it. Some
incarnations stared this way with soulless expressions.

"That..."

"What is that person?"

Shin Yoosung stared above my head in a blank manner and muttered, "Ahjussi,
you are like a Christmas tree."

\[Constellations who love the Korean Peninsula want you to keep your
promise.\]

\[A number of constellations want to see your faith.\]

In the end, it came. I take a deep breath and called to Bihyung.

'Bihyung'.

\[What?\]

'How many are there now?'

I had made a promise to the constellations when fighting off Dokgak. If the
number of subscribers to the channel reached 10,000 before the Sponsor
Selection ended, I would choose a sponsor.

\[9,812. No, 14... 16.\]

The number of constellations continued to rise. Bihyung's tone became tense.

\[There are three minutes left to complete the Sponsor Selection.\]

Now the result would be determined in three minutes.

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is looking nervously at you.\]

Unfortunately, there was no point looking at me desperately.

\[There are two minutes left to complete the Sponsor Selection.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' has sponsored you 200 coins.\]

\[The constellation 'Seo Ae Il Pil' has sponsored you 300 coins.\]

\[The constellation King Heungmu the Great' has sponsored you 300 coins.\]

The sponsorship competition was finally starting. It was a natural choice for
the constellations if they wanted to stand out.

\[Some great constellations above narrative-grade constellations are clicking
their tongues.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has sponsored you 5,000
coins.\]

This was the exact development I hoped for. Good, good. Give me more money.

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' has sponsored you 30,000 coins.\]

...As expected of Metatron. It was an entirely different class. It should be
obvious since he was a chancellor of heaven.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking at the
constellation 'Scribe of Heaven'.\]

\[There is one minute left to complete the Sponsor Selection.\]

I asked Bihyung. 'How many now?'

\[9,973... 76, 77.\]

It had finally reached a breathtaking level.

\[9,981... 84.\]

30 seconds left.

\[9,993.\]

20 seconds.

\[9,998.\]

\[A few constellations are holding their breaths.\]

10 seconds.

\[9,999...\]

5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds...

\[The Sponsor Selection has ended.\]

Then I let out a light sigh. I gazed at Bihyung who opened his mouth with a
smile.

\[I'm really sorry everyone.\]

\[Many constellations think it is ridiculous\!\]

There was no use in yelling.

\[Current number of subscribers: 9,999\]

The screen that floated next to Bihyung showed reality. Some incarnations saw
it and their mouths dropped open. Shin Yoosung asked, "Ahjussi, are you a star
on Youtube?"

Maybe it was similar. I spoke in a shameless voice towards the sky. "It is too
bad. I would've selected a sponsor if there were 10,000 constellations."

\[Many constellations wonder who you would've chosen.\]

Then Bihyung intervened.

\[This information can't be revealed to protect the privacy of the
incarnation.\]

Well done Bihyung.

\[A number of constellations are rioting\!\]

The sky above Yongsan-gu distorted and lightning started to fall towards the
innocent people. Sparks filled the air. The dokkaebi's power to influence
probability could also block the constellations' wrath.

\[Now now, all constellations. Please calm down. Unfortunately, the event had
to be cancelled because we are lacking one person...\]

Then Bihyung glanced at me and continued.

\[As an apology, I will create a compensation event.\]

The lightning temporarily stopped.

\[Perhaps you are thinking this? Shit, what should I do if it continues like
this?\]

\[Many constellations are listening to the dokkaebi Bihyung's words.\]

\[I understand your thoughts. So\! I will punish the incarnation who didn't
choose anyone in the second Sponsor Selection\! However, I will only do this
if the constellations are in favour of it...\]

\[Many constellations are in favour of the dokkaebi Bihyung's words.\]

Bihyung nodded with satisfaction. Shin Yoosung stared at me with a dumbfounded
expression. "What is happening?"

"Don't be upset by the events unfolding."

"Ahjussi, why didn't you choose a sponsor?"

"Well, it isn't time yet."

Honestly, I was a bit shaken when I saw Metatron but if I chose someone here,
everything I had done would be in vain. I couldn't enter under anyone else.
This was the only way.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi. Take the kids and hide."

"...Do you have an idea?"

"Of course. Never come out unless I signal to you."

\[A new bounty scenario has arrived\!\]

\[You have become the target of the bounty scenario.\]

As expected, the bounty scenario began.

\[Bounty Scenario  Punishment\]

Category: Bounty

Difficulty: A

Clear Conditions: Brutally kill the incarnation Kim Dokja. The more brutal his
death, the more coins you can receive.

Time Limit: 20 minutes.

Compensation: 40,000 ~ ????? coins.

Failure: 

Anyone who saw it would think I was the fifth disaster. It was 40,000 coins to
kill one person. Shin Yoosung paled when she received the scenario.
"...Ahjussi?"

Yoo Sangah grabbed Shin Yoosung who was reaching for me and retreated. At
almost the same time, the incarnations in the area discovered me and started
to flock. There was the 'target' mark floating above my head.

"Crazy\! 40,000 coins?"

"Hey, get that fucker\!"

\[Many constellations are enjoying the development of the scenario.\]

The constellations angry at my choice loved the way I was being chased like a
rodent. Everybody had forgotten about the '10,000 event'. Yes, this was the
nature of constellations.

Bihyung glanced at me and communicated with a nasty expression.

I didn't realize it would turn out like this.

'I knew. I used to do this when working at the game company'.

The only way to appease angry users was to open a new event. Bihyung shivered
and murmured.

Is this okay? If it is noticed... I really will receive a Probability
Conformity Request this time.

In fact, it was an obvious channel manipulation that the number of subscribers
didn't break through 9,999.

It was because from the beginning, Bihyung's \#BI-7623 channel only
accommodated 9,999 viewers.

I wouldn't be able to escape if someone like Dokgak provoked a fight.
Fortunately, there was no one like that present. The low grade dokkaebis had
been on guard since the last incident.

'I decided to take the chance'.

It was still a dangerous method. There was no doubt that some smart
constellations would doubt this. The number stopped exactly at 9,999. This
defied coincidence. Thus, an event to shift the attention of the
constellations was needed.

The constellations hated annoying things and were vulnerable to fun. I used
the current Punishment event to take advantage of that.

Bihyung opened his mouth and spoke to everyone.

\[Constellations, please note that the incarnation Kim Dokja can receive a
penalty if coins are sponsored.\]

The moment he spoke, my body suddenly became heavy.

\[A selfish constellations has given you a speed penalty.\]

\[500 coins have been sponsored.\]

The more coins I received, the more penalties that would be inflicted on me.
The incarnations, who normally never would've been able to follow me, were
right on my tail.

"Everyone seems blinded by the coins. Right?"

I smiled and wielded Blade of Faith.

"Uwaaah\!"

\[A constellation who wants your misfortune has given you an attack penalty.\]

\[500 coins have been sponsored.\]

My attack power was halved and the incarnations didn't die. I was actually
glad about this. I didn't want to kill them,

\[A constellation who wants your death has given you an defense penalty.\]

\[500 coins have been sponsored.\]

The fucking sponsorship. A dagger flew from somewhere and hit my arm, causing
terrible pan. My arm would've been cut off if it wasn't for the Infinite
Dimension Space Coat.

\[A few constellations feel sorry for your adversity.\]

There were also constellations who supported me. Thank you for your tears. I
grabbed my injured arm and ran to the southwest of Yongsan-gu.

If I was right, the meteorite where the Disaster of Floods slept was in that
direction. The energy of the meteorite showed it was close to hatching.

\[Bihyung. What the hell is this?\]

\[What's the matter? It is simple entertainment before we enter the game.\]

Another dokkaebi's voice was suddenly heard. Now Bihyung was speaking in a
strong manner.

It was a sharp contrast to my heavy body. Just a bit more...

A river finally appeared.

"Hold it\!"

I barely managed to escape from the clutches of other people and plunged into
Han River. The other incarnations knew what was in Han River and couldn't
easily follow me.

"This crazy guy\!"

The 7th grade ichthyosaurs swarmed like they had been waiting. They wanted to
make my feeble self their food.

\[Many constellations are filled with joy.\]

I had a thought as I watched the ichthyosaurs. I didn't have any talent. No
matter how hard I trained, I wouldn't become as skilled as I wanted. However,
I didn't want to use that as an excuse to say I was weak.

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' can now be activated.\]

The way that I could become stronger was different from other people.

\['Character Bookmarks' is activated.\]

\[Available Bookmark Slots: 4\]

\[Bringing up the list of available bookmarks.\]

"I will release Demagogue Cheon Inho from the 3rd slot and add Beast Tamer
Shin Yoosung."

\[The number three bookmark has been activated.\]

A bright light surrounded my body and the smell of the monsters changed. Some
smells were friendly while some were filled with hostility. I realized that
there was a world I didn't know. After all, it was sensitivity to the world
that determined how a person read it.

\[The level of the Bookmark skill is low, shortening the activation time.\]

\[Activation Time: 30 minutes\]

\[Your understanding of the character is significant. You can select some of
her skills to import.\]

One of the far-off ichthyosaurs synched with me and complex circuits were
forming in my head.

\[Advanced Diverse Communication Lv. 3 has been activated.\]

\[Taming Lv. 9 has been activated.\]

Blood flowed from my nose. This was how the kids always felt. I slowly opened
my mouth, "Come, Queen Mirabad."


