### Chapter 156: Ep. 30 - Dark Castle, VI

"Yoo Joonghyuk?"

What was going on?

The strongest beings on the second floor of Dark Castle, sometimes they would
descend as a test. This had happened in Ways of Survival. However, a demon
earl had never appeared in cases where Pink Kid Kim Yongpal was part of the
group. Besides that, why was the demon looking for Yoo Joonghyuk after being
summoned?

I didn't answer and the demon breathed in before looking at Lee Hyunsung. "Are
you Yoo Joonghyuk?"

"...I am Lee Hyunsung."

"Then who is the person called Yoo Joonghyuk?"

I opened my mouth. There was nothing good about stimulating the demon earl
here. "Why do you want to find him? He isn't here so go back."

The demon earl Tentacio laughed at my words. "A bug is talking back to me.
It's strange. I heard that the person who is Seoul's strongest person is
here?"

Seoul's strongest?

"Uh... that sounds like me."

The party members all looked at me at the same time. Why were they looking at
me like that? It was true.

Tentacio also stared at me. "You said that you're not Yoo Joonghyuk."

"The strongest in Seoul isn't Yoo Joonghyuk. It is me."

What the hell was going on? Why was he looking for the strongest in Seoul?

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' is sorry towards you.\]

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' is asking you to defeat
this demon.\]

...Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade? I wondered reflexively. Suddenly, I got a
sense of what was going on.

\[You are staring at the constellations of Silla.\]

\[Constellations of Silla are embarrassed.\]

Yes, this was right. These bastards... they sold me to save their descendants?

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' shows what happened.\]

The memory of Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade appeared in my head. The injured
Min Jiwon stuttered as she opened her mouth.

Seoul's strongest... is Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' is giving you a pathetic
look.\]

The act of showing one's memories required paying some probability and a
significant amount of coins. The fact that she showed me her memory without
hesitation meant the situation was urgent.

Damn, then send him to Yoo Joonghyuk. Why send him to me? Was I easy? I sighed
lightly and spoke towards the air. "Then what will you do for me if I help?"

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' says she will pay
coins.\]

"How much? Will you give me 2,000 coins again?"

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' is embarrassed.\]

"Give me something else. Something helpful."

\[Constellations of Silla have their pride damaged and are angry at
'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade'.\]

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' says she will pay a
story.\]

A story?

\[A new bounty scenario has arrived\!\]

\[Bounty Scenario - Fight Against the Demon\]

Category: Sub

Difficulty level: A+

Clear Conditions: Defeat the demon earl 'Tentacio'.

Time Limit: 

Compensation: The trust of the constellations of Silla, one historical-grade
story.

Failure: 

A historical-grade story. It was fairly decent.

In fact, I was already going to kill the demon earl without any conditions.
The constellations of Silla weren't as powerful as a nebula but there was
nothing bad about them owing me a debt. I had to defeat this demon anyway.

The demon earl was tired of waiting and growled out, "Why are you speaking to
yourself? Then you're not Yoo Joonghyuk?"

A powerful airflow was released from Tentacio's body and Lee Hyunsung quickly
stepped forward.

"Dokja-ssi, I'll take care of him."

"Hyunsung-ssi, you can't do it alone..."

"I will never lose the empty cartridge again."

Han Sooyoung whistled like it was interesting. Tentacio made a complicated
expression and grinned. "You don't know who your opponent is. I like trampling
on people like you."

"You don't know who I am?"

The earth shook and Lee Hyunsung ran forward as he activated Steel
Transformation. Lee Hyunsung's shoulders became covered with steel as he
struck Tentacio's shoulder horns. Lee Hyunsung had the courage to face the
demon earl without backing off.

"You are someone who inherited a story?" Tentacio wondered.

Lee Hyunsung's Steel Transformation was a stigma obtained by inheriting a
story from Master of Steel. With one exchange, the demon noticed the value of
Lee Hyunsung. He was an earl and knew the value of a 'story'.

"I'll eat it."

Tentacio embraced Lee Hyunsung's body. Lee Hyunsung continuously struck him
with fists but Tentacio wasn't fazed. Fangs emerged from the demon's mouth and
he bit Lee Hyunsung's shoulder.

The strength of Steel Transformation was directly connected with Lee
Hyunsung's will. Unless his will was broken, Lee Hyunsung's steel wouldn't be
destroyed.

Of course, this was written in Ways of Survival. However, it was only Lee
Hyunsung of the second half who fit such a wonderful description.

Cracks started to appear in Lee Hyunsung's hard steel. Lee Hyunsung's
expression started to pale.

"...What the hell is this?" Han Sooyoung's eyes shook as she watched Tentacio.
"Kim Dokja\! What is that?"

I didn't think the Seoul rankings announced by the dokkaebi were wrong. Apart
from me, Han Sooyoung was the only one who knew the exact level of the demon
earl.

I replied. "He is a 3rd grade demon."

Demon species above the 3rd grade had their own story.

\[The 3rd grade demon 'Tentacio' is telling the story of Bug Slaughter.\]

Bug Slaughter. It was a pretty useful narrative. It wasn't in the form of a
stigma yet but its power exceeded the stigmas of incarnations since this was
his own story.

As Tentacio's story started to be released, all the incarnations, including
Lee Hyunsung and Han Sooyoung, stood in place like hardened bugs. Lee Jihye
and Lee Gilyoung who was still unconscious, twisted in pain while Kim Yongpal
had already collapsed while foaming at the mouth.

This was the real power of the 'story'. It was to swallow other beings into
the 'story'. The frozen incarnations were waiting for their master's command.

"It is the time of slaughter, Bugs."

Lee Hyunsung's steel shattered helplessly and Han Sooyoung's clones exploded.
It was a complete wipe out. The story 'Bug Slaughter' showed overwhelming
power against many weak people. The earls of the second floor were beyond
measure.

I held Lee Hyunsung's shoulder as he was thrown back. Lee Hyunsung was
released from the fear at my touch and he stuttered.

"D-Dokja-ssi."

"Move back."

"It isn't possible. If I don't protect Dokja-ssi this time"

"A cartridge doesn't disappear so easily. Watch me." I patted Lee Hyunsung's
shoulder and walked forward.

Tentacio laughed amusedly. "You can resist my story? You are someone with
moderately strong mental power.

"Mental power isn't the problem."

"Then what? Kneel, Bug."

The pressure around us suddenly rose and people fell to their knees. Of
course, I was fine. Tentacio was confused as he watched me walking casually.
It was thanks to Fourth Wall. There was also a more fundamental difference.

"...Answer me. How can you move?"

"In order to get that story, you have to pick at least 100,000 people with
weak stories and kill them. You're quite a nasty bastard."

"What?"

This was the difference in 'status'.

"Still, Bug Slaughter is a fairly usable story. At least, when the enemy is
weaker than you."

\[You aren't interested in the 'Bug Slaughter' story.\]

\[The effect of 'Bug Slaughter' is negated by you.\]

Tentacio's eyes widened. "at least a marquis-grade... perhaps a demon king? No,
that isn't likely... are you a returnee?" The peak of the demon species, the 72
demon kings were equivalent to narrative-grade constellations. "But a returnee
can't be on the first floor of Dark Castle..."

"That's right. Both are wrong."

An existence with their 'status' revealed was constrained by probability.

\[You are looking at the demon earl 'Tentacio'.\]

Tentacio turned pale. I didn't delay and rushed towards Tentacio while using
Purest Sword Force.

\[Blade of Faith has been activated\!\]

\[The special option of Unbroken Faith is activated.\]

\[The ether attribute is converted to 'divine'.\]

The new texture of Unbroken Faith was unfamiliar to me.

"Kuaack\!" The demon screamed painfully as the ends of his horns were cut off.
The second strike flew towards Tentacio before he could move.

It wasn't just that the earl's story wasn't effective on me. My movements
themselves were different from ordinary incarnations. The demon gritted his
teeth.

"A constellation? No way... this is impossible\!"

I wondered if I should borrow Messiah's Path again but I didn't need to use
the 'quotation' against Bug Slaughter. There was a limit to the number of
'quotations' and I also needed to check my abilities without a story.

First, I needed to adjust my stats. Let's see.

\[Physique Lv. 62 -> Physique Lv. 90\]

\[Strength Lv. 60 -> Strength Lv. 90\]

\[Agility Lv. 60 -> Agility Lv. 90\]

\[Magic Power Lv. 62 -> Magic Power Lv. 90\]

\[All stats have increased significantly.

\[A total of 116,400 coins have been consumed.\]

It was huge spending but it was worth it.

\[Your body is moving towards the limits of a human.\]

\[A formidable energy has filled your body\!\]

\[All stats have reached the scenario limit\!\]

My heart beat faster as if I had received a caffeine transfusion. The
adrenaline level in my body increased sharply and my body became as light as a
feather.

My stats had an average level of 90. There was probably no one among the
incarnations who had my stats. This was the only thing I could do as a
constellation.

"Then let's go."

I relentlessly swung my sword. Tentacio's body was torn by the blade. Tentacio
didn't fall easily despite my stats suddenly rising. He seemed to be
strengthening his body using his remaining magic power. It was a wise choice
because the story didn't work.

"Kuaaaaaaah\!"

Tentacio let out a terrible scream. As the battle continued, one or two
injuries appeared on my body. As expected, I couldn't fight him without any
skills.

Then this would work.

\[The special skill 'Miniaturization Lv. 3' is activated\!\]

\[The effect of Miniaturization has decreased the size of your body.\]

"What?"

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' is activated\!\]

"I will choose the fifth bookmark, Kyrgios Rodgraim."

\[It is confirmed that your body composition is similar to the corresponding
character.\]

\[The status of the character is higher than you.\]

\[The level of the skill is being forcibly adjusted.\]

Normally the messages would end here. However, one more line popped up.

\[Your status has risen and synchronization with the person will increase.\]


