### Chapter 446: Ep. 84 - 1864, II

The 1864th turn.

We were not in the 3rd turn, but in the 1864th world-line.

The moment I saw that attribute window, waves of realizations that I could
barely digest right now crashed into me.

...This 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is the one that disappeared during the 1863rd turn?\!

How can that even be possible?

But, didn't that Yoo Joonghyuk escape from being a \[Character\]?

Yoo Joonghyuk from the 1863rd turn escaped from being a \[Character\] because
the 3rd turn exists. But if that's true, then how could he be the 3rd turn Yoo
Joonghyuk from the get-go...?

Numerous questions brushed past my head, and the last thing to pop up was the
final conversation I had with tls123.

I was thinking of sending you a special gift as a way to express my
gratitude, Dokja-nim.

That 'gift' the author was talking about, could it be...

Kwa-kwakwakwa\!\!

The Story's power overflowed; the surrounding view of the hellish landscape
began changing. The world was wailing in sorrow, and Outer Gods fallen into
lamentation cried on.

And on that stage of despair, a thin and thread-like, but clear, ray of light
existed. It was the sword light belonging to the \[Black Heavenly Demon
Sword\].

Have you regained your memories, then?

The 'Secretive Plotter' asked, but Yoo Joonghyuk didn't reply. I knew why he
didn't, of course  the explosive amount of memories were making an utter mess
inside his head, that was why.

My reading wasn't perfect.

No matter how diligently I read it, and even though Yoo Joonghyuk worked
together with me, it was physically impossible to completely restore the
'1863rd Yoo Joonghyuk'.

As he staggered about, fragmented memories continued to enter his head.

"Eat dirt, Yoo Joonghyuk."

"Happy memories\! Happy memories\!"

"Yoo Joonghyuk, sit."

"You son of a..."

This isn't the time to think about that, you idiot\!

I hurriedly awakened Yoo Joonghyuk. Because the \[Splitting the Sky Sword\]
carrying the Status of a Hellscape was slashing towards his nose right at that
moment.

Along with "CLANG\!\!" two swords clashed loudly once more.

The attack still felt considerably heavy. However, it wasn't as intolerable as
before.

...I wanted to fight you.

For the first time ever, the light of emotions began spreading within the
Plotter's eyes that used to remain calm no matter what happened. The 'Yoo
Joonghyuk' who survived the 'original story' I read, and who saw its finale 
the 'Secretive Plotter' was now talking to us.

You bastard, you disappeared to the 'beyond' without a word.

I had no idea what he was talking about. It seemed that Yoo Joonghyuk, too,
had no idea. The stuff I read in great haste was imperfect, and because of
that, there were lots of holes in Yoo Joonghyuk's memories.

He then angrily spat out. "Looks like I'll have to teach you how not to speak
in riddles."

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is continuing on with its storytelling\!\]

The Stories we shared were shoved into the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]
simultaneously. The ensuing attack clashed against the \[Splitting the Sky
Sword\]. And the moment two Hellscapes collided, a whole universe opened up
between the blades.

It was basically a Big Bang of memories.

\[Two remarkably similar beings are colliding.\]

\['Disconnected Film Theory' is activating\!\]

The moment I saw the view of the universe, I instantly realized which
phenomenon was about to unfold here.

It was none other than the \[Disconnected Film Theory\].

A similar event also occurred back when the two Shin Yoosungs from the two
different world-lines met.

...This is a new world-line?

These memories were brought up to the surface after two definitely-similar Yoo
Joonghyuks walking on completely opposing paths collided.

It's not possible for this kind of a world-line to exist.

These were the Plotter's memories. Memories of the very day that he had
discovered this particular '3rd turn'.

...

...

...

Interesting. Is this really the 3rd turn...?

The 'Secretive Plotter' couldn't tear his eyes away from the 3rd turn's story
playing out before his eyes. Someone he didn't recognise was advancing the
story along with himself from the 3rd turn. He couldn't understand how such a
thing could even be possible.

However, you'll still fail.

They used some methods he recognised, while he hadn't even thought of some
others before. Sometimes, they looked to be reckless, and in some other times,
they got real lucky. This was a Story he had never seen before. The 'Secretive
Plotter' watched the Story of this world-line as if he was sucked right into
it.

And so, how long had he been watching this Story?

He finally realized that he had become exactly the same as the Constellations
that he loathed so much.

All the 'Yoo Joonghyuks' he had absorbed were talking to him.

 Have you forgotten, the Great Plotter?

 We wish for 'death'.

 That regression turn will not succeed, anyway.

Death. That was the ardent wish of all Yoo Joonghyuks cursed with the fate of
regression. The 'Secretive Plotter' existed solely for the sake of fulfilling
that mission.

 It's impossible to kill the 'Oldest Dream'.

 As long as we are alive, we must regress again.

 Even if dying is impossible, what would it be like to get infinitely close
to it?

The reason for sending Han Sooyoung's Avatar to the 1863rd turn was precisely
because of that. By using the irregular discovered in this 3rd turn, they'd
complete their 'death'.

He was planning to seal away every Yoo Joonghyuk via the \[Disconnected Film
Theory\]  to merge with the 1863rd Yoo Joonghyuk and fall into an everlasting
slumber.

But on the verge of that plan's completion, he had a sudden change of heart.

"I'm simply heading towards the 'Final Chapter\(\)'."

It was because of one certain Constellation that searched for his own .

The Final Chapter. The name of  that he dearly wished for, but never
received.

\[41st turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is shocked.\]

\[416th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is shocked.\]

\[967th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is shocked.\]

\[1472nd turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is shocked.\]

...

Yoo Joonghyuks from all the regression turns inside him also witnessed that
spectacle. Some Yoo Joonghyuks marvelled, some despaired. And some Yoo
Joonghyuks grew furious.

The 'Secretive Plotter' belonged to the last category.

...It's not possible for another Final Chapter to exist.

His world had already come to an end. He had reached his 'Conclusion' by going
through trials and errors of the 1863rd regression turn. He had lost
everything, and he witnessed the end of all scenarios. And he reached that
Wall.

He hadn't been wrong  and he wanted validation for it.

Let's say that you reached the end and saved the world through your methods.
If so, what are you going to do about the 'other worlds'?

What will happen to other worlds that you didn't save?

And so, the 'Secretive Plotter' sent Kim Dokja to the 1863rd turn.

He made the fool witness the end of the story.

To tell him, "This is the true 'original story'."

To tell him, "This is the end of the world I have decided on, and nothing can
change that fact no matter what."

"I'll end your story for you."

However, Kim Dokja, he...

"I won't be returning to the 3rd turn. I'll remain here and witness the end
with the people of this place."

...He changed that.

Tsu-chuchuchuchuchut\!\!

The Yoo Joonghyuk sealing plan failed, and the direction of the story that
should've been set in stone was diverted.

\[1863rd turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is refusing to cooperate with you.\]

"I wish to live."

Yoo Joonghyuk who should've been sealed away, chose 'regression' instead, and
entered a brand new world.

The 'Secretive Plotter' hurriedly collected the memories of all the 'dead' Yoo
Joonghyuks and chased after him. He chased after the Yoo Joonghyuk wearing the
white coat, crossing the blinding starlights of the world-lines while his
memories scattered away.

This Yoo Joonghyuk had cast off the mask of \[Character\] and flew towards the
brand new world.

Stop\!\! You cannot head to the next part\!

Only the 'Secretive Plotter' knew of this world's conclusion.

The 1863rd turn was the 'end of all stories'. And after it was...

I wish to witness that 'world'.

Return to me. The place you're supposed to be, is here\! You...\!

The 'Secretive Plotter' roared out. Even if the 'Oldest Dream' permitted this
regression, in the end Yoo Joonghyuk was bound to repeat the nightmare again.
And not to forget, him starting the scenarios without his memories would mean...

That fool definitely said it. He said that universe definitely exists.

\['Oldest Dream' is growing curious of that story.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk was reaching out. He was now picturing it, a world located so
far away. A world that didn't exist within the universe of the 'Ways of
Survival'.

The 'Secretive Plotter' managed to catch up to Yoo Joonghyuk's soul form in
the nick of time. But what he grabbed onto was simply the white coat. Yoo
Joonghyuk's body had already disappeared by then.

The 'Secretive Plotter' muttered out hollowly. You fool...

The 'Yoo Joonghyuk' who lost his memories succeeded in regressing.

This would be another futile story where the beginning and the end were
already set in stone. The everlasting nightmare was about to repeat itself
again in that place.

The 'Secretive Plotter' began searching for this world-line.

He wanted to learn more about the world-line that the oh-so-amazing idiot
disappeared into even at the cost of his memories. The Plotter thought that
he'd feel better about himself after witnessing that fool living out the
scenarios in wretched, broken misery and regret.

Eventually, he discovered the world-line in question. Shockingly enough, he
knew about this world-line already.

...This can't be possible.

But only then, everything seemed to click into place.

The reason why a world-line he didn't recognise suddenly appeared.

The reason why a completely different world-line existed where the 3rd turn
should've been.

Every regression he experienced was used as a sacrifice to create this 'world-
line above the Wall'.

\['Oldest Dream' is dreaming the 'Final Dream'.\]

This was the impossible world-line created by the end result interfering with
the cause.

His universe was shaking now.

...

...

...

As the explosion resounded out, Yoo Joonghyuk's and the Plotter's figures
separated. We fixed our grip on the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and glared
at the enemy before us.

The 'Secretive Plotter' spoke. ...Now you know. This universe shouldn't even
exist.

Finally, I could understand what this guy was talking about. And also, I could
understand just a little how this world-line came to be, and why these events
had occurred.

The 'beyond' that Yoo Joonghyuk from 1863rd turn chose during his regression 
that was the regression turn we were experiencing right now.

What a cruel thing this is. You just about managed to escape from being the
puppet of the nightmare, yet you became the puppet once more.

His tone of voice was heavy with grief. I couldn't even fathom the depths of
resentment contained within his words.

If you read the same book hundreds of times, you might come up with a
different interpretation. However, the texts will not change. Because those
are the events that had already ended, and can't be turned back to the
beginning.

The Plotter's \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] was drawing a long trajectory in the
sky. It contained the weight of the 1863rd turn.

The one who used to be Yoo Joonghyuk once upon a time, but now lived on as the
'Secretive Plotter'. The one who dreamed of the death of all the 'Yoo
Joonghyuks' in the world.

He spoke up once more. The only reason why all of you managed to survive was
because I exist.

And that existence was wielding his history like a weapon.

All of you, you should've died in that subway. Or back in that Cinema
Dungeon. You should've died at Nirvana's hands, and should've perished in the
Dark Castle.

He was right.

You should've died in the Demon Realm. You should've died during the
'Gigantomachia', and you should've all died tens, no, hundreds of times
already during the 'Great War of Saints and Demons', and during the 'Journey
to the West'.

If his life didn't exist, if his failures didn't exist...

...Then none of us would have survived until now.

So, how did you all manage to survive??

And now, he was asking us.

Why, why is it not me, but you??


