### Chapter 548: Epilogue 5 - The Eternity and Epilogue, III

4th day of drifting.

Yoo Joonghyuk barely managed to regain his consciousness and discovered a
sharp piece of debris stabbing him in his abdomen. He calmly got rid of the
debris and checked the status of the vessel's hull.

6th day of drifting.

He realized that the ark had completely lost all its functions. The navigation
system was unresponsive, and he couldn't see a single thing nearby. As a
matter of fact, he couldn't even see a single planet nearby.

11th day of drifting.

With several of the safety systems installed within the ark destroyed,
abnormality began manifesting in Yoo Joonghyuk's body.

\[System's homeostasis is currently broken\!\]

\[Power of chaos is eroding your entire body.\]

\[Your Story is crumbling away little by little.\]

Some kind of a problem must've occurred somewhere, because all the abilities
realized through the system had become completely paralysed. Yoo Joonghyuk
remained calm as he inspected the Stories currently with him. Thankfully, his
Stories were all safe.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is enveloping you.\]

The flames of hell protected him from the bitter coldness.

21st day of drifting.

The spacesuit Anna Croft made him wear really did come in handy. If it weren't
for the built-in protective functionality of the suit, the rate of his body
crumbling away would've been so much faster.

Yoo Joonghyuk did whatever he could to repair the ark's power source. Although
the job performed wasn't of professional quality, the vessel still started
moving again. Unfortunately, the collision caused the fuel tank reserved for a
rainy day to blow up, and the ark needed his Story energy to operate.

He failed to repair the self-navigation system and the auto-pilot, though.
Meaning, he had to pilot the craft personally.

34th day of drifting.

He needed to somehow find his original route.

42nd day of drifting.

As the days of his Story needing to be exhausted increased, fatigue began
accumulating in his body. Instances of him briefly losing his consciousness
happened more and more frequently. The darkness was eating away at his mind.

...Why did I come this far?

There were moments when his purpose would become blurry, uncertain. He came
this far to carry out his mission. To deliver a 'story' to the reincarnated
Kim Dokja. To revive the 'Kim Dokja' his companions remembered.

Why, though? He still had something he simply had to ask Kim Dokja, that's
why.

...But what was the question?

58th day of drifting.

The moment he saw a wane face reflected on the ark's window, Yoo Joonghyuk
recalled the forgotten question.

 In a world where the scenarios have come to an end, what should he do to
continue living on?

That's right. That's what he wanted to ask Kim Dokja. Because that guy knew
everything.

Kim Dokja, always thinking about the end. The man who planned for everything,
and didn't hesitate to sacrifice his own life to see the conclusion of a
certain story.

A fool like that should know, he thought.

If it was Kim Dokja, then he should know more about Yoo Joonghyuk than Yoo
Joonghyuk knew about himself. That's what the latter thought.

The regressor who stopped regressing  just what would become of him?

Lee Jihye said that she suffered from nightmares every night.

But for him, his life had been a constant nightmare for the longest time. The
only reason why he managed to endure until now was because he still had a
goal, an aim, which he hadn't achieved yet. However, that goal was now no
more, and the scenario had ended, as well.

The regressor Yoo Joonghyuk was free.

But as he stood before the hard-earned freedom, he couldn't figure out what
exactly he had finally earned.

83rd day of drifting.

As his directionless drifting went on and on, the Stories covering his skin
decreased precipitously. The amount of Story scattering into space gradually
increased.

His voyage continued on, but he didn't even know where he was heading to.

102rd day of drifting.

Yoo Joonghyuk began reading Han Sooyoung's novel.

He thought that by reading it, he'd be able to endure against time, somehow.

111th day of drifting.

While reading about Kim Dokja's story, he began to harbour this faint hint of
anticipation.

He thought that the Kim Dokja from this story should be able to answer his
question.

From the first episode onwards, he studiously read about Kim Dokja's life.

Some events he already knew, while some others were unfamiliar to him. He'd
stop reading when he reached certain sentences, too.

That feeling of being left alone past the full stop of the story, right after
the protagonist and the side characters all stepped into the sentence of
'Everyone lived happily ever after'. Struck by the sense of emptiness and
betrayal, the young me couldn't fight against the loneliness and writhed
around in pain.

What was 'happiness'? That term felt so very alien to Yoo Joonghyuk. He
thought he might have felt such an emotion from somewhere within the memories
of the 0th turn that he managed to steal a glance earlier. However, that was
no longer his life.

128th day of drifting.

To him, the figure of Kim Dokja relying on nothing else besides the 'Ways of
Survival' to survive came across as alien. He read many times, yet he just
couldn't understand it very well.

How could a mere story like this be able to support a life?

154th day of drifting.

Little by little, Yoo Joonghyuk grew accustomed to reading the novel.

He even found some passages that he liked reading over and over again.

I grabbed the hind leg rich in the perfect amount of fat and bit into the
flesh. The gravy gently oozing out from the meat... I closed my eyes, having
even forgotten to chew. As I thought, reading about it and actually tasting it
are two different things.

It was a scene that happened early on, when Kim Dokja and the companions had
recently entered the scenarios  when they roasted the meat from the mole
rats. Yoo Joonghyuk pulled out a slice of dried meat from inside his coat
underneath the spacesuit and began chewing on it while reading that passage
again. He slowly closed his eyes and chewed, and it almost felt as if he was
with the companions within the damp darkness of the subway.

155th day of drifting.

But when he opened his eyes, he was still all alone.

Yoo Joonghyuk dazedly sitting there began reading the novel again.

211th day of drifting.

He continued to read this story all by himself, and...

258th day of drifting.

...And, read the story again.

279th day of drifting.

He finally understood Kim Dokja just a little.

316th day of drifting.

\[Your Stories have absorbed your emotions.\]

Every time he read Han Sooyoung's novel, the consumed Stories would regain
their vitality for fleeting moments. Although it couldn't match the speed of
consumption, he wouldn't have been able to hold on until now if he didn't read
the story.

However, he couldn't simply hold on forever.

Kim Dokja within the novel was saying this.

"That's why you should've read it until the end, you know."

What did it mean to read a story to its end?

Although he couldn't fully understand it, Yoo Joonghyuk still chose to heed
that advice.

333th day of drifting.

Abruptly, he realized the reason why his failure was inevitable.

"Even if you manage to save the world, you still won't be saved. The moment
you save the world, the worlds you have cast away would pounce on you. Even if
you do save one world, every other world you have forsaken will drag you down
to hell."

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at the distant universe and thought to himself.

What could've it been like if this was the first, or the second, regression
turn? What if he had completely forgotten about the memories from his previous
lives? If he had no clue whatsoever of the lives from his previous
regressions, then maybe, just maybe, couldn't he have found his answer
already, instead of wandering aimlessly like this? Maybe, he wouldn't have to
suffer like this?

Could he have finally understood what the 'happy ending' of other stories was
like?

Could he have moved forward, in order to not die?

Ku-gugugugu...

The ark's hull began vibrating. Wondering what was going on, he enhanced his
perception to sweep over the surroundings, only to discover a huge horde
dyeing the universe ash-grey. They were existences he was quite familiar with.

OhOhOhOhOhOhOh...\!

Existences that were discarded from the world-lines, and ejected from the
scenarios.

The enormous waves of 'Outer Gods' were flooding in his direction. A faint
scent of fear could be picked up coming from them. They were being chased by
some things.

Kwa-du-duk\!

One of the 'Nameless Ones' escaping at the rear of the pack was pierced by
something. Soon, he spotted the 'Hounds Chasing After the Abyss' easily
numbering thousands chasing down the 'Outer Gods' like wolves corralling the
flock of sheep.

Every time a 'Nameless One' was hunted down, an incredible explosion of sparks
occurred in between the flood. The storm of energy was gradually growing
larger and larger. At this rate, his vessel would get swept up much sooner
than later.

SavemeSavemeSavemeSaveme

Eventually, the front pack of the flood overtook the ark. The 'Nameless Ones'
desperately ran. The eyes of the creatures resembling cephalopods glanced in
Yoo Joonghyuk's direction.

Craaack\!

A monster's body was pierced through without resistance by the hound's fangs.
The pitch-black lump of Story spewing out by the dying monster splattered onto
the cockpit's window like paint. The cephalopod monster was staring at him in
resentment as it fell.

Yoo Joonghyuk had seen those eyes before, once upon a time.

"If so, what about the people who are different from me? What about Jihye
eonni, Hyunsung oppa, and Seolhwa eonni? Those who fought only for your sake,
just who were they to you??"

Right at that moment, Yoo Joonghyuk thought he could finally understand what
his  was.

He understood how a regressor finished with his regressions should carry on
living.

He understood the true conclusion he was supposed to reach.

From the very beginning, such a thing could never be determined by his own
will alone.

\[The Ark's cockpit is opening.\]

The moment he opened the cockpit, the hounds began rushing in his direction.

Yoo Joonghyuk gripped the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] in reverse and cut
the head off of a hound. The waves from the other world splitting apart,
brushed past while clawing at him.

WhatWhatWhatWhatWhat

YouareYouareYouareYouareYouare

He watched the 'Nameless Ones' flood past him and recalled the story he had
been reading not too long ago.

Maybe, Han Sooyoung knew about it already.

"You wrote my story. In that case, you should also know where my story is
supposed to end."

She probably knew the truth that this story would never reach the reincarnated
Kim Dokjas.

That was why, he must never return to Earth.

He must never let his companions know of his survival.

His absence must become their eternal hope.

And maybe that was the fitting final verse to the regressor who had destroyed
countless worlds.

Grrrrrr...\!

As he continued to smack away the pouncing hounds, Yoo Joonghyuk thought about
the disappearing story.

"Be gone\!\!"

His lion-like roar using magical energy as the foundation caused the hounds
hiding in between the 'Outer Gods' to raise their heads. These hounds then
formed lines and attacked Yoo Joonghyuk simultaneously. His arms were
punctured, and the protective equipment worn over his legs were torn off from
him. Stories began leaking out from the ripped-open gaps of the tattered
spacesuit. Bit by bit, he was losing his strength.

His lengthy regression journey.

Yoo Joonghyuk instinctively realized that this was his conclusion.

'This is the end I wished to see'.

It could've been a slightly more excellent conclusion.

If he had made a different choice back then, or maybe, if he chose to go down
the better direction, then... Yoo Joonghyuk smiled bitterly.

In the end, he remained a regressor even until his final moment.

He knew it. He knew there was no better conclusion than this. He knew that,
regardless of what choices he might have made in different moments of his
life, he'd still end up regretting something about them.

Even then, he'd regret and eventually, repeat the result of all his
regretting.

YouYouYouYouYouYou

WhoWhoWhoWhoWho

That was the summary of his life.

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

At least a handful of people would be saved by his life.

Kwa-aaaaaah-\!

Thousands upon thousands of hounds pounced in his direction. As if he was
atoning for his sins, Yoo Joonghyuk wielded his sword and wielded it some
more. With each and every one of his attacks, those 'Nameless Ones' with
forgotten names received their salvation.

Coldness began circulating in his entire body. The amount of Story leaking out
from the tattered spacesuit continued to increase. He felt dizzy and his
vision flickered. Yoo Joonghyuk squeezed out every last drop of magical
energy.

Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

Destruction Technique.

Breaking the Sky Meteor Strike.

The vicious, violent fragments of the sword fell like a meteor shower and
penetrated the hounds. However, some hounds managed to evade the sword strike
and continued to run towards him.

Krrrrrng\!\!

Right next second, something collided with his head and the helmet protecting
his face broke into pieces.

\[Warning\! Your Story is scattering away. Return to the ark immediately\!\]

\[Your Story is...\]

Adrift droplets of blood were freezing up. Hounds were tearing into his entire
body. And the story Han Sooyoung had written were breaking apart among the
torn, ripped Story fragments scattering away.

'...Mia-yah'.

Stories kept scattering away like stardust. Yoo Joonghyuk watched that
spectacle and quietly thought about the lonely space no one would ever
imagine. The 'Nameless Ones' were witnessing his final moments with their
empty eyes.

This story they had compiled would be forgotten sooner or later.

It'd become a story no one would read.

Yoo Joonghyuk summoned the last vestiges of his strength and gripped the hilt
of the sword tightly. He stabbed the neck of the hound biting his thigh, and
cut apart its body.

A regressor might only know how to regret, but he'd never give up.

"Maybe this regression turn you are about to abandon could be the 'one single
turn' where you might get to witness the end of this world as a 'human being',
you know."

The one and only way for him to live on as a human being.

And that was to never give up on this story.

Kwa-duduk\!

Something bit his neck, and his vision was dyed crimson in colour.

His eyes slowly closed. This really was his final moments.

Tsu-chuchu...

However, he saw the darkness before his eyes distort as his vision gradually
blurred.

Was he hallucinating? Something was standing over there. The ends of the black
coat were seemingly dancing within the pure-white Story fragments.

What a pitiful sight this is, the third turn.

Someone was talking to him from there.

This will be my last time helping you.


