### Chapter 370: Ep. 70 - A story that can't be shared, II

"I shall kill you, Yoo Joonghyuk."

Everyone within the Library was looking at that text.

\(...Looks like all of us might end up perishing at this rate.\)

\['The Fourth Wall' is vibrating intensely\!\]

The entirety of the Library was shaking around. The books that had been neatly
arranged tumbled down and created a mess. However, no Librarian tried to clean
it up.

\(How frustrating. Why aren't they communicating with each other? As I
thought, these two lack enough desire to become one being.\)

\(Our Sooyoung didn't do anything wrong, yet...\)

The 'Squid' used one of its tentacles to lightly poke the round eye.

Meanwhile, the text continued on; every time Yoo Joonghyuk's and Kim Dokja's
blades clashed against each other, Nirvana's teeth issued clattering noises.

\(Oii, newbie. What do you think?\)

When Yoo Sangah heard that, she stopped catching the books flying over her
head and looked back at the Librarians. Her hand was full of Kim Dokja's
memories  the book she'd been reading up until just now.

\(Mm. I have two opinions about it.\)

\(You have two of them??\)

\(One. Sooyoung-ssi isn't dead. I know her very well and she's not someone to
risk her life for a problem like this one.\)

The Squid's tearful eyes opened much wider from her reply.

\(What? But, you also read it, didn't you?\)

\(Looks like you still don't know how it works. The heroine loses her
consciousness, her hand falling away. And the male hero awakens\! You see, in
all the movies I've seen so far...\)

Not minding what the Squid or the Simulation were saying, Yoo Sangah
composedly carried on.

\(Two. They are currently talking to each other.\)

Yoo Sangah spoke as she stared at the texts that continued to pile up.

\(Even though no one in this world would call that a 'conversation', but
still.\)

  

* * *

  

Fragments of Stories poured out from the cracked arm. They were stories that
we had created together.

\[Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is pouring out its story\!\]

\[Story, 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth', is growling threateningly\!\]

Like a dragon and tiger getting into a tussle, Stories collided with other
Stories. Yoo Joonghyuk, possessing the exact same 'Giant Stories' as I, used
the exact same power to fight me.

\[Your share on the applicable Story is higher than your opponent's\!\]

Even though my share on the Stories was supposedly higher, the shares held by
Yoo Joonghyuk didn't listen to my commands. Maybe that was due to all those
years Yoo Joonghyuk had gone through already. He had been telling his story
far more fiercely than anyone else in <Star Stream>, after all.

Ch-chuchuchuchut\!\!

The Probability of the 2nd generation was suppressing us. However, some things
still managed to escape its suppression.

\[Story, 'One who Opposes the Miracle', is thunderously roaring out\!\]

\[Story, 'One who Opposes the Miracle', is bellowing out in anger\!\]

The exact same Stories created by experiencing the same history collided
against each other.

\['Master of the Island' is paying close attention to you.\]

\[Many Constellations are watching your battle.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is...\]

The voices of the Constellations were getting fainter and fainter now.

\[Unique skill, 'The Fourth Wall' is activating\!\]

We both swung our swords, fully prepared to kill each other in the process.
The blade that I desperately swung brushed past Yoo Joonghyuk's waist, and his
own blade attacking right back, stabbed into my shoulder.

His combat intuition was higher, but my 'Status' was much higher than his.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is protecting you\!\]

The Transcendent's sharp aura pierced past the thick layer of 'Status' and
flew straight in. From that sword energy, I was able to read his true
intention. I saw how desperately he was standing his ground right now.

He didn't bother to ask, and I didn't bother to reply. No, we just swung our
swords again and again. And instead of our mouths, our Stories told the tales
for us.

\[Story, 'Paradise of Despair', is pouncing like a wild beast\!\]

The memories from the 'Paradise'...

\[Story, 'the One who hunted the King of Calamity', is roaring out\!\]

Traces from the \[Peace Land\]...

\[Story, 'Liberator of the Industrial Complex', is in mourning.\]

The moments from the revolution...

None of those existed within the pages of the 'Ways of Survival'.

The times we've lived through didn't match up with any of the pages I read in
the past.

\['Angel Transformation' is activating\!\]

Wings broke past my shoulder blades. My Status instantly increased and
permeated into Unbroken Faith.

Issuing a loud, explosive noise, Yoo Joonghyuk's body flew up in the air after
being unable to withstand the impact force.

"Come at me with everything you've got, Yoo Joonghyuk. Because I'll do the
same, too."

The light in his eyes changed. The outline of his Status rising up around him
began distorting visibly. It was powerful enough to twist the space itself.
The true power of the high-level Transcendent was being unleashed for real
now.

Yoo Joonghyuk's figure, wrapped in the brilliant golden light, disappeared
from my view.

\[2nd Stage of the 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' is still in activation.\]

His blade moved so fast that my eyes couldn't even follow it.

Claaaang\!\!

One sword, against another. The louder the grinding metallic noises became,
the heavier my wrist got. Stories poured out from my thigh, and Stories flowed
out from Yoo Joonghyuk's shoulders.

And naturally, his voice could also be heard.

\['The Fourth Wall' is activating strongly as if to fight back\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk had begun telling his story now.

You...

I tried to guess which words would follow that. Without a doubt, he'd blame
me. Just as Han Sooyoung had said, you were that kind of a person, after all.

Why did you choose to remain in that particular turn?

Memories of the 1863rd regression brushed past my head.

"I won't return to the 3rd turn. I'll remain here and see this thing to its
end with the people of this place."

The decision I made was coming back to me in full. The Unbroken Faith was now
issuing cracking, breaking noises.

Back then, that was the best choice available. I thought that, after
witnessing the end of the 1863rd turn, I would be able to return to the 3rd
turn safely. That was why I tried to find the story where everyone could be
happy.

However, what if Yoo Joonghyuk of the 1863rd turn didn't help me out back
then?

What if Han Sooyoung of the 1863rd turn carried murderous intentions towards
me?

Would I have been able to return to this world unscathed?

Even though I thought that I knew the scenarios better than anyone, could it
be that I just got lucky and managed to survive until now?

Your companions are here.

Yoo Joonghyuk's first sword slash sliced apart my shoulder. And...

Your own world-line was here.

His second strike split open my elbow.

You told people to live their lives in this world.

The third strike punctured a hole in my wing. It hurt like hell. But what hurt
even more than that, though, was the rage and disappointment contained within
Yoo Joonghyuk's voice.

Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is refusing to regress.

Yoo Joonghyuk who gave up on the path of regression and decided to live out
his 3rd turn because of me was now looking back. The being who loved this
world more than anyone, and wanted to protect it because of that, was staring
straight back at me.

But then, you...

Certain types of rage and some types of betrayal couldn't be described in mere
words. No matter how omniscient one was as a reader, one would never be able
to read them.

Yoo Hoseong said as thus:

 A Story may not look all that amazing at first glance, but it'll present a
maze-like abyss to all those who dare to peek deeper into their inner core.
It's the same story, regardless of how small a Story is.

What I was seeing shouldn't be Yoo Joonghyuk's everything. I'd never get to
fully understand the reason why he was so furious like this. Because
everything could be his reason, or conversely, nothing could be his reason,
too.

But, one thing was for certain, and that would be Yoo Joonghyuk had decided
not to be under the thumb of anyone anymore.

Not controlled by me, and not controlled by himself. And, maybe not even by
those damn Constellations who should be watching right us now.

Answer me, Kim Dokja.

While receiving the outpouring of the sword strikes, I began faltering. Most
likely, Yoo Joonghyuk was aware of the truth  that I was still reading him
even right now.

But, even though he knew that I was reading him, he continued to think non-
stop.

Answer me.

Just like how I observed him past this 'wall', he too was ceaselessly writing
something just beyond it, hoping that someone would get to read it sooner or
later.

Unfortunately, I couldn't reply. Because if I do, then...

\['The Fourth Wall' is getting thicker.\]

...Then, you'd end up becoming a mere character of the story.

\['The Fourth Wall' is getting even thicker.\]

Because... you definitely couldn't become a mere character.

Ku-gugugugu\!\!

Yoo Joonghyuk glared at me with his trademark blazing eyes. Here he was,
existing in this place and time, destroying me in order to prove that he
wasn't just a mere character of a story.

Is that so.

His words floated up above the 'wall'.

So, that is your choice.

\['The Fourth Wall' is getting even thicker.\]

Even during this regression, I didn't have any companions, then.

If I were to say something, anything, as a reply, it was possible that he'd
have forgiven me. Maybe, a miracle might happen and he'd accept me, even.

However, even if that happened, Han Sooyoung wouldn't return, and the hurt we
inflicted on each other would not be erased, either. We would never become
companions ever again.

Whether it was Yoo Joonghyuk or me, we both knew that truth all too painfully
well.

\['The Fourth Wall' is getting even thicker.\]

And that was why we held our swords as we dashed towards each other.

\['The Fourth Wall' is getting even thicker.\]

The full-on attack collided with another full-on attack and issued a loud
explosive noise. Thick, choking dust was kicked up in the air; neither of us
could withstand the impact force and crumbled to the ground.

The first one to stand back up was me.

I staggered towards Yoo Joonghyuk lying on his back, his entire body now
looking like a torn rag, and pointed my blade at him. He didn't offer any
resistance, but instead, looked up at me to speak.

"...I've persisted with this regression for far too long. So, end this."

Yoo Joonghyuk murdered Han Sooyoung. He had already crossed the line that
shouldn't have been crossed.

The sword aura of the Unbroken Faith trembled noticeably. And the moment I
raised my sword up high, I recalled what Han Sooyoung of the 1863rd turn told
me.

 If my novel was a rip-off of 'Ways of Survival', then whose rip-off are you?

The answer to that question was right in front of my eyes now.

Kim Dokja had learned how to live from this man.

This man was my father; my brother; and my oldest friend.

\['The Fourth Wall' has increased its thickness.\]

For a long time, I had been looking at him through this thick, thick wall. I
was saved by him many times, and while looking at his story, I managed to
survive.

The Unbroken Faith slowly clattered back on the ground. I couldn't kill this
guy. Nor could I beg for his forgiveness, either.

I had never learned to be that cowardly. No, I was taught to pay the price for
the things I've done.

Yoo Joonghyuk was still looking up at me. And I too, stared back at him.

I'm right here, in this place.

I know.

Even then, you only chose to read and nothing else.

...Because that is our way of living. You acted, and I read you doing it.

If you're unwilling, then I shall do it myself.

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly got back up and grasped his blade tightly.

I thought I could hear the sound of a story coming to an end. The 'Mass
Production Maker' once told me this  that a certain Story would end without
ever getting closer to the . However, if this place was the endpoint for all
the stories, and if I was destined to die right here, then wouldn't it be fine
to at least say one thing?

"...Hey, Yoo Joonghyuk."

He stopped his actions when I spoke up.

"You probably know this already, but I'm not a prophet. No, I am as far
removed from such a being as you can get."

Ever since we got into a tussle back on the Dongho Bridge, I had never
introduced myself properly once. To Yoo Joonghyuk, I was the prophet, a man
with a mysterious background.

"I'm not the 'Demon King of Salvation'."

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', has stopped its storytelling.\]

"I'm also not the 'King of a Kingless World'."

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', has stopped its storytelling.\]

One by one, my Stories stopped their stories. Excluding my own, everything
else became dead still.

"My name is Kim Dokja."

The wings on my back disappeared, and the ballooned-up muscles shrunk back,
too.

"Twenty-eight... No, wait. I was twenty-eight, and I was an employee of a game
company. My hobby was reading web novels..."

As if I was talking to someone I met for the first time, I continued to tell
my own story.

"It's pathetic, right? Well, this is who I am... Yoo Joonghyuk, who are you?"

To me, Yoo Joonghyuk was someone I 'knew' since from a long time ago. To be
more specific, he was someone I read about all by myself.

That was why I had never heard about his story in his own words.

He finally opened his mouth.

"I am Yoo Joonghyuk."

His blade slowly moved and cut me down.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, a former Regressor."


