### Chapter 382: Ep. 73 - The hottest place in Hell, I

Shin Yoosung opened her eyes because of the bright spotlights that danced in
the air. One of the flying drones circled around her head once, before
disappearing into the distant black sky.

"Urgh, my head..."

Under the head-spinning dizzy spell, she staggered unsteadily back to her
feet. The only things she could see around her were scrap metal and rubbish.
She couldn't see any of the companions she was with.

...Could she have landed in this place all alone?

"Shin Yoosung?"

A boy pushed his head out from among the scrap metal like some kind of a baby
octopus.

"Lee Gilyoung?"

Feeling happy now, she shifted her gaze over there, but then, the figure of
woman leapt out from the piles of rubbish while stepping on the boy's head.

"Get out of the way\! You stink, you know\!"

"Jihye unni\!"

She figured out who came along with her. Her companions brushed away all the
trash stuck on their bodies and stood upright.

"What's this? Is it just us?"

"I think so."

"Heh, it's the reformation of Busan Alliance."

Lee Jihye spoke with a slightly excited tone of voice, but Shin Yoosung was
different.

Why did it have to be Jihye and Gilyoung? She alternated her gaze between her
two companions and made a resolution in her mind.

'I'm the only adult here. So, I gotta stay sharp'.

Whether they knew her thoughts or not, Lee Jihye and Gilyoung continued their
glaring contest, only to suddenly delve straight into deciding the pecking
order.

"Hm, hm. Hey, kids. We should choose the leader first, like how we've done so
far, right?"

"Noona, you were the leader back in Busan Alliance. So, it's my turn now."

"Hey, you. You weren't even born yet when I got admitted to the kindergarten,
you know."

"Ah? What's that got to do with anything?\!"

"Shh. Both of you, keep quiet\!"

The moment Shin Yoosung's voice was heard, all three of them pressed
themselves tightly against a nearby wall in unison. A millisecond later, a
drone flying around like some sort of an insect shone a spotlight on the
alleyway they were standing in just now.

Giiiiii-iiing...

The drone hovered in position for a little while, and eventually, it
disappeared beyond the alleyway, its sensors tilting this way and that.

Lee Jihye asked in a tense voice. "Hey, wasn't that a drone?"

It was right then, the system messages could be heard from the sky.

\[Someone has interfered with the scenario system.\]

\[Due to the unprecedented power, you have been forcibly summoned to the Main
Island's 'Next City'\!\]

\['Next City' is currently cut off from the space-time of the conflict region
of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.\]

\[You can advance to the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' once you solve the
sub-scenario of the applicable location.\]

"Next City??" Gilyoung's eyes began sparkling. "Let's go and take a look\!"

"Stop being childish, Lee Gilyoung. This isn't a game\!"

Despite Shin Yoosung's warning, the boy broke into a sprint. Fortunately,
there was no drone nearby, and the spot they were hiding in was situated in a
surprisingly high altitude.

"Wow, this..."

They were treated to a magnificent sight where the whole city could be seen in
one take. Bright neon signs illuminating the night streets; androids emitting
blue light beams from their heads, roaming around said streets as if putting
on a protest march.

They could immediately tell what the worldview here was from this spectacle.

Lee Gilyoung spoke confidently. "I'm gonna get super strong in this place and
surprise Dokja hyung later."

"He'll get even mooore surprised if you get killed here, instead."

"...Noona, why do you hate me so much??"

Disregarding the bickering duo, for now, Shin Yoosung carefully observed the
panoramic view of the city below.

If one were to discount the slight disturbance created by the protest, it
looked as if the city was functioning systematically according to a set of
strict rules. This was a sci-fi worldview retaining a level of social order
previously unheard of.

She remembered hearing that the 'Isle of Reincarnators' were graves of fading
Stories. If so, why did a world like this one meet its doom?

In the meantime, Lee Jihye and Gilyoung were excitedly yapping away, without
any care given for Shin Yoosung's concerns.

"Will they have stuff like a lightsabre here?"

"What a helpless sword otaku..."

"Shut up."

"Uh? Wait, I think they are really equipped with something like lightsabres."

"Really? Where?"

They could see the guards patrolling the city sauntering closer to their
location. Maybe because of the worldview's effects, information windows of the
guards floated up in front of their eyes after they took a closer look.

\[Lv. 12 Guard-type Android\]

\[The applicable unit is around 4 times stronger than you.\]

Lee Jihye freaked out and muttered out loudly. "What the hell? Why are they so
strong?"

"I think it's us who got weak."

For sure, the density of the magical energy in the surroundings had decreased
noticeably ever since they arrived in this worldview.

\[Your main Stats have been reverted back to their initial values in the
applicable worldview.\]

\[This worldview is subjected to the corrective effect of 'Level System'.\]

"God damn it, they are coming this way\!"

When did they realize it? Guards were suddenly rushing towards the group's
position. They looked up at the sky only to discover several drones circling
above their heads.

\[Reaction to Story energy detected\!\]

\[Reaction to Story energy detected\!\]

Along with the loud warning sounds, the guards increased their speed by
engaging the boosters mounted on their backs and pounced on the group in a
row. Lee Jihye, Shin Yoosung, and Gilyoung hurriedly pulled out their
individual weapons.

"Screw it, there aren't even any bugs here... Hey, Shin Yoosung, can you summon
the Chimera Dragon?"

"The cooldown time isn't over yet."

\[Your current level is 1.\]

\[Earn experience points by hunting low-level enemies.\]

With a deeply agonised look on her face, Lee Jihye unsheathed her longsword.
She was the only one specialised in close-quarter battles among her group.

Quickly activating \[Demon Slaying\] and \[Ghost Walk\], she faced off against
a guard in order to protect the kids. Just as the android's lightsabre
collided with her longsword...

Giiii-iiing\!

The lightsabre simply let her blade slide by and proceeded to cut her forearm.

"Aaaahk\!"

\[Android 'Lee Jihye' has been seriously injured\!\]

\[Please administer Story energy to preserve your life.\]

She backed away quickly, but it was already too late by then.

"Get out of the way\!"

Shin Yoosung pushed Lee Jihye aside and stepped forward. The latter's
complexion paled instantly and cried out towards the former; Gilyoung
stretched his arms out, too.

Unfortunately, the lightsabre was already descending towards the crown of her
head.

'Ahjussi'.

At that moment, the girl looked back on her short life. She felt this sense of
unfairness, knowing that it'd be over in a place like this; yet, at the same
time, there was also a sense of satisfaction, too, knowing that her choice was
correct.

Shin Yoosung thought that this was the final moments befitting the Incarnation
of the 'Demon King of Salvation'.

And then, in the next second...

\[The applicable attack does not work on you.\]

Along with the sparks going 'Tsu-chuchuchut\!', the guard's lightsabre stopped
millimeters away from her nose as if blocked by a formless wall.

"Uh?"

And new messages popped up in the air one after the other.

\[Error has occurred in the scenario's system.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Next City', is expressing its puzzlement over the existence of
Incarnation 'Shin Yoosung'.\]

It was the exact same story for Lee Gilyoung, as well. The lightsabres
attacking the kids were all being powered down simultaneously.

The boy dazedly looked up at the air and muttered softly to himself.

"...What's going on?"

He could see letters written in the faint grey font on the top right-hand
corner of his vision.

\[Current scenario's age restriction is 18+.\]

\[Due to the applicable worldview's consideration, murderous actions aimed at
children/teenage units are prohibited.\]

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung exchanged glances.

'...Isn't this, like, huge?'

It was unknown how they ended up getting summoned here. However, if it was
this sort of a worldview, then...

Gilyoung formed a sneaky grin aimed at Lee Jihye and her wide-open jaw behind
him.

"Noona? Get ready for a free bus ride."

While watching the boy shove his shortsword into the guard's upper thigh area,
Shin Yoosung began thinking to herself.

'Maybe, remaining as a kid for a bit longer is...'

She didn't know what was waiting for her at the end of this scenario. However,
she was sure of one thing  at the end of this scenario, they should be strong
enough to utterly stun Kim Dokja.

  

* * *

  

I was left utterly stunned by the Constellations waiting for me on the other
side of the portal. Even at a quick glance, it was well more than one or two
here.

...Could it be that they knew we were coming?

"Dokja-ssi."

Lee Hyunsung's voice sounded tense, and I nodded my head at him. Yoo
Joonghyuk, Han Sooyoung, Lee Hyunsung, and Jung Heewon. Including me, the five
of us gathered in one spot like a constellation in the night sky.

Soon, though, scenario messages floated up in the air.

\[Main Scenario has been updated\!\]

\[You and your Nebula have entered the neutral zone of 'Great War of Saints
and Demons'\!\]

\[You can select either camp of 'Great War of Saints and Demons'\!\]

Right after those alerts, a notice message dyed the sky in rainbow colours
next.

\[Nebula, <Kim Dokja's Company>, has entered the 'Great War of Saints and
Demons'\!\]

Without a doubt, Dokkaebis must've been behind that. We had just got here, yet
they were advertising it all over the place already.

\[Many Constellations have noticed your presence\!\]

\[Some Nebulas are keeping an eye on your group's next move.\]

It wasn't an ideal situation, but naught we could do about it, as it was spilt
milk. I met the gazes of the Constellations looking at us from the other side.
They were emitting pretty hefty Statuses, too.

I even spotted a familiar Constellation among them.

\[You're late, Descendant.\]

A man with a dignified smile was looking in our direction. I called out to him
in happiness.

"Goryeo's First Sword\!"

He was none other than Cheok Jungyeong, the one we had to say goodbye to
during the 'Middle Island' scenario.

As expected of a Constellation who had reached the Narrative-grade, it seemed
that he advanced to the main island without any issues.

\[You must've completed quite a substantial scenario. You've gained more
companions.\]

His gaze was now studying the Reincarnators emerging from the portal alongside
us. They were people from 'Kaizenix Archipelago', entering the main island
with me.

"They are folks who'll participate in the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'
with us."

Cheok Jungyeong nodded his head.

\[Higher number of combat forces can certainly help. More importantly,
however... Something seems to have changed with you, Descendant.\]

He scanned me from top to bottom as if he was searching for something.

\[I can sense this vague depth to your group's Story.\]

"...Is that so?"

Cheok Jungyeong's gaze left me and headed towards Han Sooyoung. She met his
stare with a pair of impetuous eyes that said, "What are you looking at?"

A strange light flickered within the former's eyes.

\[...I see.\]

I abruptly recalled what the 'Mandala's Guardian' told me.

 Oh, dear Bodhisattva. Please, try to endure time itself.

Our Nebula's Stories had experienced an unknown change after clearing the
Kaizenix Archipelago.

The time Lee Hyunsung, Jung Heewon and especially Han Sooyoung, spent in
Kaizenix was definitely not in vain. Everything that happened was recorded as
Stories, and they would raise our Statuses in turn.

It might have been due to what Cheok Jungyeong said, but well, I could sense
Constellations spying on us from behind, staring far more openly than before.

\[Constellation, 'Expert at Playing Both Sides', is getting interested in
you.\]

\[Constellation, 'King of Archers', is observing you in great interest.\]

\[Constellation, 'Three Mouths But Only One Head', is sneering at the
Reincarnators from 'Kaizenix Archipelago'.\]

Reincarnators from the archipelago retreated from the feast of Statuses. Now
that they have emerged outside the 'Kaizenix Archipelago', they were no longer
protected by their worldview.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is growling\!\]

It was Han Sooyoung who stepped forward as if to shield these Reincarnators.
The atmosphere wiggled and the aura of the Black Flame Dragon manifested
itself behind her. The folks from Kaizenix bowed their heads to pay their
respect to her, then.

Indeed, that must be what they refer to as the kingly air.

Unfortunately, some Constellations didn't seem to like her display. It didn't
take long for their aura to become threatening.

Ku-gugugugu\!

\[An Incarnation from a small Nebula dares to...\!\]

Feeling a bit annoyed now, I decided that I should stop the current flow right
about here.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is glaring at the
Constellations\!\]

The activation of the Giant Story managed to startle the Constellations and
they took several steps back.

I didn't miss that opportunity and asked Cheok Jungyeong a question. "Enough
about that. Why have you been waiting for us?"

He formed a slightly troubled expression. The light in his eyes flickered as
he tried to decide whether it'd be okay to say it or not.

I could think up a couple of hypotheses just then, and chose to test one of
them out. "I know that this is the neutral zone. Have you decided on which
camp of the Great War to join yet?"

\[No, not yet.\]

...I see. He still hadn't chosen his side.

Cheok Jungyeong continued on.

\[As you may well know, 'Good' and 'Evil' of the Constellations aren't the
same with that of the mortals. If I'm allowed to be honest, then I do not wish
to be a part of either camp.\]

Cheok Jungyeong, starting as a mortal and reaching the ranks of Constellation
through his own power only, like me, wouldn't have agreed to the concept of
good and evil as claimed by the Archangels and Demon Kings. That was why I
could sympathise with his dilemma.

However, that story would always be his to mull over, no one else's.

I glanced at the Constellations behind him and asked. "They haven't chosen
their sides, I presume?"

Cheok Jungyeong nodded his head.

Behind him, scattered groups of Constellations could be seen loitering around
tents set up here and there on a huge open plain.

\[What is the current war situation like?\]

\[From what I was able to find, it...\]

Faint 'true voices' could be heard coming from them.

I smirked inwardly; in all honesty, it was easy to see what they were thinking
of by not having chosen a camp yet.

Constellations in the neutral zone were planning to stay back and observe the
proceedings, and then join the side with the advantageous position and enter
the Great War.

Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung engaged \[Midday Tryst\] at the same time to
talk to me.

 I can tell what the current situation is like.

 These bastards, they are going for 'that', right?

I nodded my head.

The stronger the 'neutral' camp that hadn't chosen a side grew in power, the
potential benefits to be gained when it did choose would be even greater.

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is looking down on the
Constellations of the neutral zone.\]

\[Constellation, 'Hell's Scribe', is letting others know that the hottest
place in Hell is reserved for those who maintain neutrality in times of moral
crisis...\]

Didn't matter whether it was 'Good' or 'Evil', they were thinking of selling
their influence to the highest bidder out there.

Han Sooyoung broke out in a smirk.

 Their aim is so easy to see through.

It was right about then that Cheok Jungyeong ended his deliberation and opened
his lips. \[There is someone who wishes to meet you.\]

"Who is it?"

\[A high-ranking Constellation from the Nebula, <Hongik>.\]

Thought as much.

It seemed that Cheok Jungyeong was here to win us over.

I hid this faint sense of disappointment and asked him again. "But, didn't you
tell me that high-ranking Constellations of <Hongik> have all disappeared?"

Indeed, I heard something like that a long time ago. Once, at the
'Constellation Banquet', and when facing 'Founder's Mother' back inside the
\[Dark Castle\].

\[We did not disappear. Because there is one right in front of you.\]

It was a true voice containing aloof, proud Status; the ranks of the
Constellation parted, and a Taoist hermit holding a pure-white folded fan was
walking towards us. From each of his steps, I felt the power of vigorous
winds.

...Hey, I think I know who this is.

\[Kneel and pay your respects, oh, descendants of the Peninsula.\]


