### Chapter 352: Ep. 66 - Beyond Good and Evil, II

My declaration caused the system message in the air to blink.

\[You are currently the best narrator of the story.\]

\[You have a 33.7% share in the giant story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth'.
Thanks to your declaration, the story is tilting in the direction of 'evil'.\]

The confused party members rose from their seats. I raised a hand as if to
reassure them. I spoke to Yoo Joonghyuk through Midday Tryst.

Yoo Joonghyuk, if this continues, our story will be evil. Do you want that?

My share in Torch That Swallowed the Myth was 33.7%. Meanwhile, Yoo
Joonghyuk's share was 22.8%. I was 10.9% ahead of him.

\[The opinions of the two speakers are in conflict.\]

\[The narrators should decide good and evil through consensus.\]

\[If an agreement isn't decided within the time limit, the ruling will be
based on the side with the higher number of shares.\]

\[The end of the ruling has been extended by 10 minutes.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. I once again sent him a message.

I don't know what you are thinking but good and evil shouldn't be decided
here. Quickly withdraw the declaration. Then I'll withdraw mine too.

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' is looking at you.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is pleased with your judgment.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is confused by your judgment.\]

I was sorry for Uriel but the story couldn't be determined as good or evil
here.

\[The demon king 'Ruler of the East Hell' is feeling more favourable towards
you.\]

The top of the demon kings. The master of the 2nd Demon Realm, the Ruler of
the East Hell was watching me with a warm face. They seemed to be
misunderstanding something. I wasn't taking the side of evil.

I impatiently cried out again.

Hey\! Can't you hear me?

Then Yoo Joonghyuk moved. Yoo Joonghyuk walked from the table and pulled out
his sword.

\[The incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' refuses to agree with you.\]

I reflexively avoided his sword. In an instant, the table was split apart and
the stage became a mess. The demon kings screamed as I also pulled out a
sword. Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly Demon Sword and my Unbroken Faith
collided. My wrist throbbed.

"This is crazy..."

The surprised Uriel tried to run this way but a green barrier prevented the
constellations from moving.

\[At present, the constellations and demon kings attending the Duet Between
Good and Evil can't be hostile to each other\!\]

\[The assistance of other people regarded the shares decision is prohibited.\]

It was the worst.

\[Great Dokkaebi 'Baram' is looking forward to your choice.\]

\[Great Dokkaebi 'Halong' is looking forward to your choice.\]

Even the great dokkaebis exposed their presence. The bureau was paying
attention to the good/evil ruling of our story. Perhaps the scenario was now
being relayed to the Star Stream through another channel.

I stared at the increasingly raging Yoo Joonghyuk. I was unable to read his
face. I didn't know why Yoo Joonghyuk was suddenly doing this. However, I
couldn't yield to this guy who knew nothing.

Yoo Joonghyuk, you might not understand right now but listen to me.

I had to somehow convince this guy.

If our story is fixed to either good or evil, a terrifying disaster will
arise.

According to the original novel, the battle over the pride of absolute good
and absolute evil would be huge this season. In the past few seasons, the Duet
Between Good and Evil had tilted the balance towards good. In other words, the
demon kings were sharpening their swords in this Duet Between Good and Evil.

 If good wins here, the second 'Holy and Demon War' will start. 

 On the other hand, if evil wins, the position of Eden will decrease and its
destruction will be accelerated. 

I hadn't built up enough stories yet for the Holy and Demon War. However, I
didn't want to let evil win.

I'll explain the details later. Just listen to my words...

"Is this your prophecy?"

A shadow of deep disbelief was in Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes. Prophecy. When I first
met Yoo Joonghyuk, I introduced myself as a prophet. I didn't know he still
believed this but it might work out better. Before I could open my mouth, Yoo
Joonghyuk asked me again. "Or is it information from the book called Ways of
Survival?"

"What?"

My heart suddenly jumped.

...How? How did he know about Ways of Survival?

\[The sponsor of incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' isn't happy with this
situation.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' doesn't want you to fight\!\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is confused by the
unexpected situation.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is watching your decision.\]

Sparks flew around Yoo Joonghyuk's body. He frowned like he had a headache. As
if rebelling against another will, Yoo Joonghyuk continued, "Will this
scenario end safely if I follow your words?"

"Yoo Joonghyuk, you now..."

"Is this the way I will be used in the future?"

Kukukukung\!

"Is this how to survive in this ruined world?"

Suddenly, there was no strength in my hands.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is shaking.\]

My surroundings shook and a small vibration rose in the depths of my body. The
tremors rapidly spread from the epicenter. I grabbed my wildly shaking right
hand. I looked up and saw Yoo Joonghyuk staring at the party members.

Do they know?

How much did Yoo Joonghyuk know?

Answer me, Kim Dokja.

The energy flowing from the Black Heavenly Demon Sword became stronger. Yoo
Joonghyuk had opened up the power of transcendence. It meant he really
wouldn't back down from now on.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is moving the giant story.\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is starting\!\]

I couldn't leave it like this.

\[You are the best narrator of this story.\]

\[You are controlling the story.\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' isn't satisfied with your
'status'.\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' refuses your domination.\]

...What? The story didn't listen to me despite my high shares. Our torch, which
broke through Poseidon's barrier, wound around Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly
Demon Sword. The white flame wanting to swallow me was approaching.

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is strongly activated\!\]

\(Dokja-ssi, wake up\!\) 

Along with Yoo Sangah's words, I released my status.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is protecting you\!\]

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is showing hostility towards
you\!\]

The two stories we built together collided in the air. The Torch That
Swallowed the Myth and Demon Realm's Spring were like ferocious beasts. The
torn strings scattered through the air like blood.

"What are you doing now? Are you crazy?"

\[The incarnation 'Jung Heewon' is jumping into the verdict of the giant
story\!\]

"Master\! What is happening all of a sudden? Why did ahjussi pick evil?"

\[The incarnation 'Lee Jihye' is jumping into the verdict of the giant
story\!\]

"Dokja-ssi\! Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi\! Both of you, stop\!"

\[The incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung' is jumping into the verdict of the giant
story\!\]

"Don't bother hyung, you bastard\!"

\[The incarnation 'Lee Gilyoung' is jumping into the verdict of the giant
story\!\]

"Ahjussi\! Avoid it\!"

\[The incarnation 'Shin Yoosung' is jumping into the verdict of the giant
story\!\]

It was a welcome help. The Torch That Swallowed the Myth was a story involving
all of us. In other words, Yoo Joonghyuk and I weren't the only ones who could
judge this story.

\[The narrators who have entered the judgment, please distinguish between good
and evil.\]

\[If you don't choose good or evil, you can't intervene in the
confrontation.\]

The party members were confused. They panicked at suddenly having to choose
between good or evil. In the confusion, Lee Gilyoung was the first to open his
mouth.

"I will side with Dokja hyung."

\[Incarnation 'Lee Gilyoung' has a 3.3% share in the giant story 'Torch That
Swallowed the Myth'.\]

\[Due to incarnation Lee Gilyoung's declaration, the story is tilting in the
direction of 'evil'.\]

I quickly called out to them. "You can't choose evil anymore\! Choose good\!"

"Huh?"

"Do as I say\! Quickly\!"

If Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't withdraw his declaration then there was only one way
remaining. It was to perfectly balance good and evil.

The current difference was 14.2%. If the remaining four people's shares were
joined together...

"Slowly choose one by one\! Yoosung first\!"

"Yes\!"

\[Incarnation 'Shin Yoosung has a 3.3% share in the giant story 'Torch That
Swallowed the Myth'.\]

\[Incarnation 'Jung Heewon' has a 6.7% share in the giant story 'Torch That
Swallowed the Myth'.\]

\[Incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung' has a 7.3% share in the giant story 'Torch That
Swallowed the Myth'.\]

\[Three narrators have chosen 'good'.\]

"Stop\!"

The last one to choose, Lee Jihye paused at my cry.

\[The balance has tilted by 3.1% towards good.\]

\[If the consensus fails in the next five minutes, the Torch That Swallowed
the Myth will be confirmed as good.\]

The party members had a bigger share in the story than I expected. There was
only Lee Jihye remaining.

"Ahjussi\! I'm 5.8%\!"

The difference between good and evil was 3.1%. Meanwhile, Lee Jihye had a 5.8%
share. No matter what option Lee Jihye chose, it was a situation where good
and evil couldn't be balanced.

My brain worked quickly.

...What if I could bring the shares of the other party members to my side?

\[Narrators participating in the good or evil judgment can't 'gift shares.\]

Damn, this convenient way didn't work. Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly Demon
Sword was flying towards my neck.

"Stop it\!"

Jung Heewon, who was able to intervene in the duel, stopped Yoo Joonghyuk's
sword instead of me. Lee Hyunsung ran and hugged Yoo Joonghyuk's body from
behind while the children surrounded me like they were protecting me. Lee
Jihye stood in the middle with a helpless expression.

"Why are the two of you fighting? Fighting now...\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's gaze alternated between the party members. It seemed like he
wanted to say something. No, I knew what he wanted to say.

 You are being deceived. 

His trembling eyes were pouring rage towards me.

 This guy, he deceived all of us. 

I thought this day would come eventually. In fact, I thought about it dozens
of times a day.

"Everybody, get out of the way."

Yoo Joonghyuk amplified his status, blew away Lee Hyunsung, knocked down Lee
Jihye and ran this way. Jung Heewon and Yoo Joonghyuk's swords collided.
However, Jung Heewon couldn't use Judgment Time and wasn't capable of dealing
with Yoo Joonghyuk.

I placed the children behind me and stepped forward.

\[The demon king 'Monarch of Stars and Logic' is rooting for you.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Principles' wants you to win.\]

\[The constellation 'Morning Star Goddess' wants good to win.\]

\[A large number of constellations and demon kings are watching Kim Dokja's
Company.\]

They were the messages of the existences watching me walk forward. Why were
they so obsessed with good and evil?

\[The exclusive skill 'Reading Comprehension' is activated.\]

...I already knew the answer.

They were bound to do so.

\[Giant Story 'Practitioner of Encouraging Good and Punishing Evil' is
continuing.\]

\[Giant Story 'Guardian of White Evil' is continuing.\]

\[Giant Story 'More Evil Than Evil' is continuing.\]

\[Giant Story 'The Suitable Good' is continuing.\]

...

Numerous strings were swarming like insects in the eyes of the constellations
and demon kings.

It was the stories they had. The stories were controlling them. They were on
longer constellations or demon kings.

They only existed to execute 'good' and 'evil' in this world. Most of them
were merely breeding tools that the old stories used to propagate themselves.
These stories were trying to devour our nebula.

\[If the consensus fails in the next two minutes, the Torch That Swallowed the
Myth will be confirmed as good.\]

I couldn't allow that to happen. I quickly made a decision and shouted.
"Jihye\! Choose good\!"

"Eh? But..."

"Quickly\!"

Lee Jihye made a puzzled expression. It was strange that I took her to choose
good when it was already the dominant one. Lee Jihye chose immediately.

\[The balance has tilted by 8.9% towards good\!\]

\[If the consensus fails in the next 40 seconds, the Torch That Swallowed the
Myth will be confirmed as good.\]

The difference was even larger. 8.9%... yes, this was for the best.

I took a deep breath and used all my strength to call out the modifier of a
certain being.

\[Abyssal Black Flame Dragon\!\]

I knew that he was watching. It meant the occurrences here were known to his
incarnation. In this situation, there was only one person who would understand
exactly what I wanted.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is laughing madly.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly Demon Sword filled with the power of
transcendence flew to my neck. It was an inevitable blow.

Then a crack appeared in the ceiling of the banquet hall. Yoo Joonghyuk looked
up at the ceiling but it was already too late. The running Yoo Joonghyuk was
crushed by the fragments of the broken ceiling.

Some large pieces were avoided but there were too many stones pouring down. I
saw a shadow in the dirty dust. The hair was sweaty like the person had rushed
here. The bandages half released from the left arm was blowing in the wind.

In the dust, this person smiled as she trampled on Yoo Joonghyuk. "I knew you
couldn't do this without me."

\[The incarnation 'Han Sooyoung' is jumping into the verdict of the giant
story\!\]


