### Chapter 516: Ep. 99 - The Oldest Dream, V

\['The Fourth Wall' is reactivating\!\]

The light in the world flickered on and off several times. I felt the
sensation of my body being sucked into somewhere, and within this half-awake
consciousness, the friction noise of the train's wheel meeting the railroad
tracks filled up my head.

I couldn't accept this.

Even though I knew that this wasn't a matter requiring my acceptance, I still
found it hard to swallow.

Why did the 'Secretive Plotter' make such a decision?

I couldn't forget his final expression.

How could he make such a face? He didn't get to complete what he truly wanted,
so how come...

Wh at did Sec ret ive Pl otter re ally wa nt, th en?

All of the memories regarding the Secretive Plotter flitted in and out of my
head.

The story I got to learn through the original novel's texts  while enduring
such a vast, indeterminable amount of time, what did Yoo Joonghyuk hope to see
at the end of this road?

Just what was it exactly that he expected to encounter?

Even if it's not a conclusion you wanted... Do not think of this world as a
failed regression turn.

Only those words remained stuck in my brain like a curse.

Kim Dok ja

'The Fourth Wall' warned me in a stiff voice as if to punish my arrogance.

Thi s not a pro blem y ou ca n ju dge

The wall was right. Even after that guy had left, I couldn't escape from being
this damn 'Constellation'.

Under the brilliant radiance, the figures of 999th turn's Uriel, Lee Hyunsung,
Kim Namwoon, and Lee Jihye scattered away.

Could he really become happier with this?

He made this choice himself, so was that his happiness, then?

He was a being born in the tragedy, so maybe, he wasn't aware of that choice
being another tragedy?

The Stories of the younger me and the 'Secretive Plotter' were getting further
away.

The man looking back in this direction for one last time was no longer Yoo
Joonghyuk from the 'Ways of Survival'.

Be ca use he's b orn in th e tra gedy ca n he fin ish th e tra gedy too

"This place is the epilogue of that story."

The ancient tale I've been reading concluded, just like that.

\[You have reached the  of all the scenarios.\]

\[You have now learned of the secret of the world.\]

The only remaining topic for us was on how to live the story's 'ever after'.
The part of the story that the 'Ways of Survival' didn't tell me.

\[The 'Oldest Dream' has ended.\]

Abruptly, a certain thought popped up in my head. Something that had been
forgotten after being swept up in the situation.

The Dokkaebi King told me this: that this world was a dream of the 'Oldest
Dream'.

In that case, what happens to the characters of the dream after the dream has
come to an end?

The characters from the 999th turn and the 'Secretive Plotter' had all escaped
from the role of 'Characters' and were freed from the dream through their own
will.

If so, what would happen to other people, then?

After the dream was over, the people from the dream would...

\[Final scenario clear reward has arrived.\]

  

* * *

  

The noises of a cheek being slapped around resounded out; under the flickering
subway lights, Kim Dokja slowly opened his eyes.

"Hey, you. You awake now?"

He saw Han Sooyoung's face up close as she roughly held him by his collars.

"...What happened?"

"That's what I want to ask you."

Kim Dokja massaged his head as if he was suffering from migraine, and stood up
from his spot.

"Where are we?"

"Inside the subway. Time for us to head back home, I guess."

Han Sooyoung saying those words seemed rather refreshed, for some reason.

The train clunked and shook around. The darkness outside the windows gently
wavered about.

"Dokja-ssi, are you alright?"

His companions discovered him and walked in closer. Yoo Sangah, Lee Hyunsung,
Jung Heewon, Shin Yoosung, Lee Gilyoung, Lee Jihye, Jang Hayoung... and even Yoo
Joonghyuk, they were all here.

Everyone was alright.

Kim Dokja slowly looked around him. There was no other presence within the
subway. It was likely that this train was the same one they rode in earlier.

Are we really safe now?

"I've treated your injuries. Once we return to \[The Fourth Wall\], we should
entrust you to Seolhwa-ssi's care, but..."

Yoo Sangah feeling for Kim Dokja's pulse faintly smiled. His companions
approached him one by one. However, even though their gazes were fixed on him,
none of them managed to readily open their mouths.

Unexpectedly, the first one to do so was Yoo Joonghyuk. Rather than
approaching Kim Dokja like everyone else, he leaned against the subway's seat
at an angle and glared outside the window.

The universe's Story was coming undone on the outside. The once-tangled roll
of thread was turning into dust and scattering away one strand at a time.

"It's the <Star Stream>."

Stories existing in countless world-lines were illuminating the space by
scattering their bright lights. The <Star Stream> they had been living in was
right there. The world they cursed and resented, but still couldn't forsake,
was slowly disappearing while emitting the most radiant light for the last
time.

As Kim Dokja dazedly stared at that spectacle, Shin Yoosung tightly squeezed
his hand.

"It's over now."

Overcome by a certain emotion, Lee Hyunsung suddenly broke down in tears. The
bear-like man who never showed a single drop of tears no matter what
transpired began sobbing away uncontrollably. Jung Heewon watched him and bit
her lower lip as her nose tip began stinging, as well. Lee Jihye raised her
head, perhaps not wanting to shed her own tears.

"It... really is over."

It was indeed over. This long and expansive tale had finally come to an end.

Kim Dokja stared at the distancing meteor shower. He stared, and then, stared
again.

As if she knew what he was thinking about right now, Han Sooyoung addressed
him. "This isn't because you read that novel, you know? You also had no idea,
right?"

Companions nodded their heads. They were also aware; they knew that this event
might not end like this.

It was just that, they were quietly staring at Kim Dokja and his Story.

The world that couldn't be lived in, unless one read it.

The child who had to read something, anything, if he wanted to live.

They were saved many times over by such a child.

Reading something in order to survive  that was the same story for
everyone.

"It would've been fine by just reading it, but Dokja-ssi, you tried to change
the story by yourself. I think that's more than enough."

Jung Heewon said that.

The one who had never reached the end of this world, starting from the
beginning of the 'Ways of Survival' all the way to its conclusion. She softly
smiled and patted Kim Dokja on his shoulder.

"So, what do you think? Is this the conclusion you wanted to see?"

Kim Dokja couldn't reply to her. He was too busy wiping away the tears
clouding his vision to do that.

So that he could see with his own eyes the view of the world he established.

Kim Dokja slowly opened his eyes, and the subway's pitch-black windows were
reflected in his irises. The faces of his companions could be seen mirrored on
the glass. As if, that was a group photo with the universe serving as its
background.

The conclusion of this world that he so dearly wished to see.

"...I'm looking at it right now."

As if they were waiting for those words, Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung began
wiping away Kim Dokja's tears. He tightly hugged both of the kids.

It was then, someone asked this question.

"We'll be happy after this, right?"

Only the vibration of the train leaving the station resounded out within this
silence like a pulse.

Maybe, this train would never go back; they would never be able to visit that
station, ever again.

They would forge ahead towards a brand new terminal.

As everyone stewed within their own thoughts, quite unexpectedly it was Lee
Jihye who threw out a realistic question first.

"...By the way, what will happen to the world-line we've been living in?"

When everyone gazed at her, she scratched her cheeks in embarrassment and
continued on.

"You know, that thing. If the Dokkaebi King is to be believed, this world is
merely a dream of the 'Oldest Dream', but if that dream is over, then..."

For sure, the time flow of the world they were living in froze after the
\[Final Wall\] was destroyed. In that case, even if they returned to that
world by riding on this train...

\[It'll be fine. Our world is functioning normally.\]

"Aha, I see. That's a relief... Ehng??"

Lee Jihye stared at Kim Dokja, then at Lee Hyunsung, and even at Jung Heewon
and Yoo Sangah. No matter who she looked at, though, they were all making the
exact same expression as her.

"Who replied just now??"

And then, everyone looked up at the air at the same time. A ball of fine fur
was floating up there.

\[Baat?\]

The eyes of the companions narrowed down to slits.

\[Eh-baat.\]

Biyoo began sweating buckets in the air, but eventually, sighed out grandly
and spoke up.

\[You knew something was up already anyway, so why are you so surprised?\]

  

* * *

  

The companions heard the explanation from Biyoo.

The contents, when simplified, were like this.

\[The world-line hasn't been annihilated yet. I don't know the reason, but...
the stopped time of the world is beginning to get written again. Although the
worldview shook around a lot after all the large Stories crumbled at the same
time, it'll still take several thousands of years for the world to die
naturally.\]

The sights of the world they used to live in could be seen faintly just beyond
the subway's windows. The frozen time of the world was beginning to move once
more.

Uriel was slowly opening her eyes within this devastation.

The Black Flame Dragon was asleep, curled up into a ball. And...

Wrapped up tightly within the Somersault Cloud, the Great Sage Heaven's Equal
was staring up at the skies above.

The Constellations were alive, too.

Even the Maritime War God, Goryeo's First Sword... Everyone was still alive.
Even though they had lost their previous lustre, they were still drawing
breaths in this world-line.

Biyoo spoke up as she looked at those Constellations.

\[<Star Stream> still remains. The channel system has crumbled down, and
Constellations can no longer wield as much power as they used to, but still,
it was such a huge Story that it'll take some time for it to completely
crumble down.\]

A couple of my companions sighed in relief. A sigh that they themselves
couldn't really understand.

Lee Jihye asked again. "But, the dream is over, right? So how can this world
continue to exist?"

\[I already told you, I also don't know. Be smart enough to listen properly
when someone tells you something the first time.\]

"...Well, it sure is a relief, but since when did you learn to speak like this?
Besides all that, look how rude you are\! Ahjussi\! Listen to how Biyoo
talks\! This creepy kid, until now...\!"

Kim Dokja shifted his gaze over to Biyoo, prompting the latter to feign
complete ignorance and open her mouth as if she didn't know anything.

\[Ah-bah-aht?\]

Everyone broke out into a helpless chuckle. Lee Jihye panted angrily and just
before she could shout something, Kim Dokja reached out and wordlessly hugged
Biyoo.

This bundle of fur that used to be so tiny at the beginning of the scenarios
was now so big that one couldn't wrap their arms around it.

Yoo Joonghyuk watching that spectacle spoke up. "...Maybe, it's the last
miracle."

A miracle, was it? That was certainly a word that didn't suit him. Because
that was the one word he believed the least. Even then, his utterance loosened
the expressions of the companions.

"Then really, everything has been resolved with this."

"And now, all we need to do is to buy the big house where we can live
together\!"

The kids spoke up, only to be shot down by Han Sooyoung.

"Our Nebula can't go on anymore. This idiot, he completely drained all of its
finances in the Final Scenario, you know."

"We can always make more money later, right?\! I mean, just who are we??"

Everyone broke into smiles while looking at Lee Gilyoung triumphantly shouting
out. But then, someone quickly threw out another question, perhaps fearful of
these smiles suddenly coming to an end.

"What do you all want to do now?"

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung looked at each other after hearing that and
yelled out.

"The Han River\!"

"The ocean\!"

"Pizzas\!"

"Fried chickens\!"

As the two children began arguing, someone else piped up next.

"I'd like to go to the place that I used to live."

It was Jang Hayoung.

"The place where you used to live..."

Yoo Sangah's expression became uncertain after hearing that. It wasn't just
her, though; they all knew the truth. They knew that the places they used to
live no longer existed. The homes where their stories had been kept before the
advent of apocalypse, had all disappeared now.

But, could this be magic? Suddenly, the view outside the windows changed. The
scenery of the space seemed to scatter, and what replaced it was...

"Maybe, it really is a miracle..."

...The sight of Seoul, the one they were intimately familiar with.

And on the subway map where every name had been erased off, names of various
stations began reappearing.

\[Next stop is 'Hongjae' Station.\]

Jang Hayoung's steps took her towards the exit. From beyond the wrecked
terminal, the sight of her old suburb could be seen. The train's speed was
gradually slowing down.

Jung Heewon asked her. "You still want to go, even though there might be
nothing left?"

Jang Hayoung nodded her head. Jung Heewon could only reply with a wry grin.
Like how it was with everyone, there were some things that had to be confirmed
even if you knew the end results already.

"Okay. Let's meet again back in the Industrial Complex later."

The train's doors opened, and Jang Hayoung made her exit. She looked around
with a disbelieving expression, only to turn back as if she abruptly
remembered something she wanted to say.

"Kim Dok-"

However, the train started again even before her words could be heard.

The next person to speak was Lee Jihye, silently staring at the map until
then. "There's a place I want to go, too."

Jung Heewon asked her, sounding as if she already knew where the younger girl
wanted to go. "You want me to go with you?"

"Nah, I'll be fine alone. This is what I want to do."

Lee Jihye's grin was soft, her expression light. Jung Heewon's hand rising up
sheepishly went back down.

"See you guys in a sec."

Lee Jihye disembarked. The school building she used to attend was visible in
the distance.

The subway's doors closed once more. Jung Heewon asked a question. "Is there
anyone else who wants to go somewhere?"

No one answered back. Most of the companions had no places they wanted to
return to. However, that didn't mean they didn't have a place to return to.

Yoo Sangah then asked everyone. "We are all going to get off at the same
place, yes?"

"Can't we switch trains somewhere? Looks like we'll have to hoof it from
Jongro."

Han Sooyoung grumbled and scanned the subway map.

Their destination was Gwanghwamun, the location of the \[Industrial Complex\].

"We gotta think up of what to tell the others. It's not like we can tell them
everything, right?"

\[Next stop is 'Jongro 3rd street' Station.\]

Everything was resolved now, but in reality, it'd be not like that. They would
be facing the reality of new daily life after their return, that's why.

The train's doors were opening up.

Yoo Sangah holding the children's hands lightly hopped off to the station's
platform with a soft "Eusha\!" She looked back and saw that both Lee Hyunsung
and Jung Heewon had also lightly hopped past the safety line on the ground.

"What are you doing, not getting off?"

That left only three people behind.

"Kim Dokja."

It was unknown who among Han Sooyoung and Yoo Joonghyuk called that name out
first. The former asked with a questioning pair of eyes.

"We are getting off together, right?"

\[Someone has activated 'Lie Detection Lv... '\]

That prompted Kim Dokja to smirk softly.

"Of course. We should."

\['Lie Detection' has confirmed 'Kim Dokja's' words as truth.\]

"Let's go."

Kim Dokja took a step forward and lightly slapped the backs of the other two.
That caused the two to stagger forward, as well. The frowning Han Sooyoung
muttered something in Kim Dokja's direction, while Yoo Joonghyuk grasped the
hilt of his sword, his eyes glaring nonstop.

Kim Dokja spoke to the latter. "...You do know that the scenarios are over,
right? From now on, it'll be a criminal offence to carry around a sword..."

"What a foolish utterance that is. It's not over yet, Kim Dokja."

"He's right. We haven't even figured out who tls123 is, and also..."

The subway's doors were slowly closing; the story of a new world was streaming
within the noisy clamour of their voices. Kim Dokja laughed in genuine
happiness, and the kids continued to bicker away.

A tale of this new world continued to flow on.

But then, just as the subway's doors closed, Han Sooyoung looked behind her
with a slightly unsure, hard-to-read face of someone that left something
behind.

Even Yoo Joonghyuk looked back, too.

The only person who didn't was Kim Dokja.

Han Sooyoung and Yoo Joonghyuk's gazes ran into each other, and they began
growling at the same time.

"What you looking at?\!"

"I should ask you that, you basta..."

And then, the doors closed. The subway began moving again in silence. It was
leaving the station that welcomed the beginning of a new story to enter the
railway of infinity. Names written on the subway map began disappearing one by
one.

The sight of bickering Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung could be seen in the
distance. Then, the sight of brightly smiling kids holding onto Kim Dokja's
hands, as well as Yoo Sangah looking up into the sky while shielding her eyes,
could be seen, too.

And I was quietly staring at that scene.

That prompted 'The Fourth Wall' to ask me.

Will th is re ally be o kay?

Right in the next second, my transparent figure emerged from the empty space.
Accompanied by a slight case of dizziness, my body fully materialised and
revealed itself above the subway.

\[The percentage of memories you currently retain is '51%'.\]

I smiled wryly. "This was the only way."

I looked up, and the messages clogging up the message log all floated up at
once.

\[You have cleared the 'Final Scenario'.\]

\[You are the only person who knows the secret of this world.\]

\[Currently, the 'Oldest Dream' is absent.\]

\[The world's time will not flow if the dream doesn't continue.\]

These were the messages only visible to me.

\[You have earned the qualification to take over the role of the 'Oldest
Dream'.\]

\[Will you continue with the dream?\]

If this dream was to be stopped now, then the world would forever be frozen
still.

It truly was a cruel thing; the world that barely managed to gain a chance at
happiness stopping for all eternity.

Although it started off as a tragedy, this universe was already born. Even
though that was the case, there were still some that searched for happiness in
this universe, and they had finally reached the terminals they always wanted
to get to.

Yoo Seung ee and Gil Yeong ee wi ll be s a d

"I know."

Y ou are de cei ving th em

"...At least I didn't lie to them." I looked up at the sky and carried on. "A
part of me definitely exited the train with them, didn't it."

There was a certain skill I got from the 'Secretive Plotter' while returning
from the 1863rd turn.

What will do you now for skills? I'm sure you haven't earned a new skill
over there.

"Indeed, I haven't earned any skills, but... Is it possible to receive this
type of a reward, instead?"

It is possible.

What I received back then was, technically speaking, not a 'skill' per se.

\[Currently, 'Bookmark' skill is in activation.\]

\[Due to the blessing of the 'Oldest Dream', the applicable skill's activation
period has been changed to infinite.\]

\[Currently, the sixth Bookmark is in activation.\]

\[The Character registered in the sixth Bookmark is 'Director of the False
End'.\]

The Director of the False End, the 1863rd turn's Han Sooyoung.

\[Your degree of understanding on the applicable individual is very high\!\]

\[Exclusive skill 'Avatar Lv.???' is currently in activation\!\]

\[You have used up 49.00% of your memories to generate an avatar.\]

\[Due to the influence of the world-line, the connection to your avatar has
been cut off.\]

\[The applicable avatar will possess its own free will and act accordingly.\]

"...This is the right way."

I felt around the lost portion of my memories, now faint, and staggered
unsteadily.

My 'other me' would continue to live on, oblivious that he was an avatar. He'd
live in a huge house with the other companions.

He'd go to the ocean with Gilyoung-ie, and eat pizzas with Yoosung-ie. He'd
get to see Lee Jihye admitted to a university, and then, he'd hand over the
congratulatory bouquet of flowers to Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon.

He'd go around house hunting with Yoo Sangah, and search for tls123 with Yoo
Joonghyuk.

And then, he'd get to read the novel Han Sooyoung wrote.

That would be my salvation.

From the beginning till the end, I was always the one being saved.

So, this was my small bit of atonement for their sakes.

Y ou wi ll re gret th is you wo n t ev er me et th em ag ain

I smiled without a sound.

"But, I can still see them, right?"

Just like how it used to be, a really long time ago.

And so, this story would continue on in that manner.

"...That's enough for me right now."

I stared at the back of the subway disappearing into the darkness. Now, the
figures of my companions couldn't be seen all that well.

And everyone lived happily ever after.

I always hated that phrase.

However, the current me dearly wished for that phrase to become true.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation' has reached his .\]

\[You have become the 'Oldest Dream'.\]

The disappearing lights in the distance resembled the Constellations that
still remembered me.

And with that, my endless voyage got underway.

\[Your  is 'Eternity'.\]


