### Chapter 349: Ep. 65 - Good and Evil, V

Duet Between Good and Evil wasn't a main scenario. The classification belonged
to the hidden scenario but strictly speaking... the scenario was akin to an
event.

I left Asmodeus for the moment and greeted my party members. There were too
many things to blindly enter the scenario.

"Hyung\! Are you okay?"

The party members had different expressions but the concern on their faces was
the same. They probably had many questions.

I was reminded of the situation before I passed out and explained the whole
story to the party members step by step. In return for saving my mother and
Yoo Sangah, I was hit by the aftermath of the probability storm.

Jung Heewon listened calmly to the story and asked, "...Yoo Sangah-ssi's soul is
inside you?"

"To put it simply, yes."

"If there was such a way, why..."

"I wasn't sure about the success."

Jung Heewon sighed and leaned down with her hands pressed against her knees.
"Then Sangah-ssi really died..."

"Then is Sangah unni alive?"

Lee Jihye muttered while sitting down. She couldn't seem to believe it and
asked again several times. Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung had tears in their
eyes. Lee Hyunsung was standing next to them like a bear.

"She is alive. And..." I stared straight at Lee Jihye and said, "I'll revive her
again."

Yoo Sangah was obviously alive. However, it was hard to say she was living in
her present condition.

Jung Heewon asked, "How? If it is similar to Biyoo..."

"I was thinking of reincarnation but not into a dokkaebi. In the first place,
the existences that can become dokkaebis are fixed. The Flood of Disasters was
a special case."

The 41st regression Shin Yoosung had been wandering around the Star Stream for
thousands of years. However, that wasn't the case with Yoo Sangah.

"To save Yoo Sangah, I need to go to a certain 'star'. It is called the
'island' among the transcendents."

In the distance, Kyrgios pricked up his ears at the word 'island'. Maybe
Kyrgios knew about the island. While I wasn't here, he had already gone to the
island.

"The problem is that I can't go there right now."

Jung Heewon glanced at Asmodeus who was wandering around the back of the
Factory. "Is it due to the invitation that the demon king brought?"

I nodded. My mind was complicated. I had to go to the island to save Yoo
Sangah and also participate in the Duet Between Good and Evil. The more urgent
thing right now...

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at you.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking for your help.\]

My thoughts were complicated. I couldn't believe Uriel would say this. Was the
situation in Eden that bad? However, if I attended Duet Between Good and Evil...

 \(Dokja-ssi, I told you. A quest should always be preceded by a quest.\) 

...Eh?

'Yoo Sangah-ssi?'

 \(Yes.\) 

'Did you wake me up before?'

 \(That's right.\) 

It was surprising. How did she talk to me across the Fourth Wall? Even Nirvana
couldn't...

 \(I'll give you a more detailed explanation later but now you should focus
on the problem at hand. I'll cut to the chase. Dokja-ssi must attend the Duet
Between Good and Evil.\) 

'But...'

Yoo Sangah must be reading Ways of Survival in the Fourth Wall. Maybe she
guessed my plans through Ways of Survival.

 \(It doesn't matter if my reincarnation is late. You don't know it but this
library is pretty comfortable.\) 

'But...'

 \(In addition, I think attending Duet Between Good and Evil will help when
moving towards the next main scenario, right?\) 

Yoo Sangah was right.

'Please endure it a bit, Yoo Sangah-ssi. I'll let you live again'.

Yoo Sangah was faintly smiling. I looked back at the party members and
outlined the current situation. "The aftermath of the last scenario isn't over
but something new has come up. I'm sorry. Even so, I must attend this
scenario."

Lee Hyunsung heard my words and puffed up his chest. "Dokja-ssi, I don't care.
I have already rested comfortably and want to move quickly."

"That is only Hyunsung ahjussi. I wanted to get some rest..."

"Are we all going?"

"I think we should leave Seolhwa-ssi and Gong Pildu behind. We need a minimum
number of people to manage the industrial complex."

The next moment, light flashed in the air.

\[The 'Duet Between Good and Evil' is calling you.\]

"I guess it has started."

Along with the message, our bodies were surrounded by light. The forced
transfer to the scenario began.

  

* * *

  

The Duet Between Good and Evil was literally a feast of good and evil. A
banquet after one long scenario ended in order to identify 'good and evil'.

One might wonder about the meaning behind such an action but for some
constellations, this 'discrimination' had a very important meaning. It was
because the overall discrimination of good and evil would change the status of
the absolute good and absolute evil system, leading to a difference in the
next quarter.

\[It has been a long time since there was a banquet of this size.\]

"Haven't you seen it often?"

\[I didn't always attend. This is a bit unusual.\]

Asmodeus gazed at the exterior of the magnificent banquet hall and smiled. In
fact, the banquet was unusual in not just size but also position. The moment
we were summoned, there was a crowd of people walking across the bridge.

The constellations and incarnations passing through the bridge and the
dokkaebis waiting to broadcast the scene. In addition, there were the
constellations belonging to the independent media of the Star Stream.

Asmodeus said, \[Then I will enter first. Don't be uncomfortable and take it
easy. Above all, you are the most likely candidate to win a prize this
season.\]

...Candidate to win a prize?

Before I could say anything, Asmodeus flicked his fingers and his clothing
behind a gorgeous black dress. He started to enter the hall by crossing the
bridge with an elegant walk.

\[Devil of Lust and Wrath\!\]

\[The demon king 'Asmodeus' laughed\!\]

There was the should of shutters as the bridge flooded with light. Asmodeus
smiled at the dokkaebis and glanced back at me with a charming expression.

Once again, I realized what a great existence Asmodeus was. Every one of
Asmodeus' steps caused images of the battlefield where he fought to flow. I
didn't know how many people he fought to be upgraded.

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath'  is currently ranked 13th among
demon kings.\]

The guy who was 32nd rank not long ago was now at the top of the pyramid. It
was a huge upgrade.

"We will enter."

I looked around at the party members but their expressions were strange.

"Ahjussi. Is it okay if we go in?"

"D-Dokja-ssi. I didn't know it would be a place like this..."

Jung Heewon, who visited Eden, took a deep breath to seek calmness but the
situation of the other party members was serious.

Lee Jihye was nervously biting her nails while Lee Hyunsung's huge bear-like
shoulders trembled. I could feel Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung holding my
hands tightly.

"It's fine. We received an invitation."

I was also nervous but I smiled to reassure my companions.

"Don't be intimidated. We've been fighting hard in the meantime. It doesn't
matter what they think of us. It is more important that we build a history
that doesn't shame us."

"Dokja-ssi is right. What are we doing? We should enter quickly."

The other members seemed to wake up due to Jung Heewon's strength. Lee Jihye
struck her red cheeks.

Once the preparations were over, I walked over the opening bridge with my
companions. The path was covered with jewels and minerals, including obsidian
and diamonds. There was also a river of stories flowing under the bridge.

The famous constellations, including Asmodeus, had already passed over so the
crowd didn't pay attention to us. To be exact, I wanted it to be like that.

\[Ah, that person...\!\]

\[Demon King of Salvation\!\]

Now my modifier was quite famous and some of the constellations recognized me.
At the same time, the dokkaebis broadcasting glanced this side. The
exclamation began like a small clap and soon spread throughout the bridge.

\[The enemy of Olympus\!\]

\[Kim Dokja's Company has come\!\]

Attention was concentrated on us in an instant. The huge amount of attention
caused the walking party members to be embarrassed. Some of the constellations
on the bridge even reached out towards us. Messages poured in from all over
the place and placards swayed.

\[Handsome Kim Dokja\!\]

\[9158 FOREVER\]

I hoped that the party members wouldn't look at them but Jung Heewon spoke to
me.

"Dokja-ssi, are you an idol?"

"Heewon-ssi is the same as me."

Judge of Evil\! I've been watching your scenario\!

Heewon unni is so cool\!

I support the love of the Steel Sword\!

Lee Hyunsung was startled and glanced over frightfully. "D-Dokja-ssi\! They
are talking about me."

The 'Korean History Preservation Association' is supporting Lee Jihye, the
successor of the Duke of Loyalty and Warfare.

Lee Jihye frowned. "These guys..."

Shin Yoosung  Lee Gilyoung are the best\!

I felt a strong force from Shin Yoosung holding my hand.

"Ahjussi, I feel terrible."

"Why am I and Shin Yoosung..."

I knew that the reputation of our nebula had increased since Gigantomachia. In
fact, the Mass Production Maker had said so. Still, I never imagined the
reaction would be so huge.

\[Demon King of Salvation, say a few words\!\]

\[How do you feel about being nominated the most likely to win a prize this
season?\]

The microphones coming from all over the place caused me to panic. When I
thought about it, this was the first time in my life that I had received such
attention. At this time, there was someone who saved me from being embarrassed
by the dokkaebis.

\[, aren't you getting lost?\]

The distinctive platinum hair spread through the air and emerald green eyes
blazed with fury.

\[R-Run away\!\]

\[Crazy angel\!\]

The dokkaebis scattered and an archangel in a black silk dress reached me.

\[Kim Dokja\! You came\!\]

Uriel hugged me and rocked with me in her arms. I felt happy and embarrassed
at the same time and removed Uriel.

"Uriel, it has been a while."

\[Yes yes\!\]

I felt good when I saw Uriel's glittering eyes. I was glad to see her again. I
was thankful but... Didn't she call me because Eden was in danger?

"...Excuse me? Don't you see your incarnation here?"

\[H-Heewon\! Hahaha\! Of course, it is also a pleasure to meet Heewon\! Let's
enter\!\]

Uriel turned away from the crowd and guided us to the banquet hall. I entered
the hall and felt overwhelmed with admiration. The demon kings and
constellations were separated on two long tables.

On the left were the 72 demon kings73 now while the right table contained
the constellations of the absolute good system, including the archangels of
Eden.

Our position meant everyone present was focused on me. It was as if they were
asking me what table I was going to sit on.

\[The demon king 'Monarch of Stars and Logic' is paying attention to your
choice.\]

\[The demon king 'Black Mane Lion' is wondering about your choice.\]

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is watching you.\]

\[The constellation 'Morning Star Goddess' is looking at you.\]

Sadly, this time there seemed to be no other choice.


