### Chapter 196: Ep. 37 - Landscape of the Demon Realm, III

"Wait a minute, you are...\!"

The eyes of the beautiful young man grew wider as he recognized me. Before the
young man could open his mouth again, the quick-witted Aileen hurriedly
accepted my coins.

"50,000 coins. Okay."

"I-Is it really 50,000 coins...?"

The astonished boy's mouth dropped open as he glanced between Aileen and me.

50,000 coins weren't that big in terms of the scenarios but it was a
substantial amount in the Demon Realm.

It was an area that the constellations hardly ever visited due to the demon
kings. Of course, by my standards, 50,000 coins was petty cash.

\[The 'Kim Dojega's Legend 1st Part' has been completed on Peace Land.\]

\[The pioneers of the area are preaching faith in you.\]

\[15,000 coins have been acquired.\]

I even received coins in real time. This was the good thing about being a
constellation. Even without the sponsorship, I made money just by being
famous.

The stiffened demon nobles belatedly reacted. "Who are you?"

I looked at their information.

Demon Earl Silocke and Demon Baron Melen. They were moderately well-known
collectors in the Syswitz Industrial Complex.

"I understand, Customer."

Usually, I would bow politely but courtesy was just counterproductive to these
guys. They were hyenas who liked to eat those who showed weakness or fear.

"You, now...\!" The demon baron, Melen raised his energy at my tone.

"Let it go Melen." Silocke watched the situation and dissuaded Melen. The earl
looked like he was eating with an unwelcome guest.

\[The character 'Demon Earl Silocke' is looking at you with curiosity.\]

\[Your understanding of the character 'Demon Earl Silocke' has increased.\]

I didn't miss this opportunity to use a skill.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

Then I started to hear Silocke's thoughts.

 This guy can easily pay 50,000 coins. 

 A citizen can never pay this amount. Besides, look at that relaxation.
50,000 coins is obviously a pittance for him. 

 Who is this? This is the first time I've seen him in the area. Wait a
minute, that demonic energy... 

 Don't tell me...? 

It was going as I thought. No, it was better. In any case, the Syswitz
Industrial Complex was bursting with stories about the new demon king. If so,
it wouldn't be bad to leak misleading information to them.

I spoke in a voice full of bravado. "You must've already guessed."

I spoke in Yoo Joonghyuk's tone and Silocke's complexion changed. He nodded as
if his thoughts were correct and then spoke politely to me.

"Noble demon, I am belatedly greeting you. Do you happen to be visiting from
the Gilobat Industrial Complex?"

"It looks like your ears are working properly."

"However, you didn't give any notice that you were visiting this area..."

"Do I have to tell my route to someone like you?"

"That... I'm sorry."

He was convinced by my short answer.

The right to move without prior notice. He must be at least a marquis-grade.


 There is nothing good about getting entangled with the Gilobat Industrial
Complex. 

After the brilliant misunderstanding, Silocke bowed to me and elbowed Melen.
"Let's go."

"Huh? But..."

"We only needed to get it."

Melen belatedly nodded at his superior's sober judgment. Melen took 50,000
coins from Aileen and warned in a fierce voice.

"This time you got lucky. Don't expect it to happen next time, Aileen."

The two demon nobles left the watch store. Maybe Silocke would report this to
his boss immediately. It didn't matter. I couldn't think up to there.

The clock store was filled with energy once the storm passed. It was the
beautiful boy who broke the atmosphere. "...Isn't this considerably big? Who the
hell are you?"

He looked up at me with sparkling eyes and I smiled quietly.

"What is your commission?" Aileen belatedly came to her senses and asked me.
"That... by the way, are you a noble?"

The demons had misunderstood but there was no way Aileen should misunderstand.

I shook my head. "I'm not a demon noble."

"Then...?"

I quietly took off my coat as an answer. Sparks appeared and the broken story
fragments fell down. Shock appeared on Aileen's face as she checked my body.

"...An exile? Then the special request...\!"

"That's right."

Aileen's face was white because she could guess the scale of my story with one
glance.

"I-I've never had a story of this magnitude."

"Only you can do it. You are the 'story expert' of the Syswitz Industrial
Complex."

Aileen's expression shook at the words 'story expert'. As my consciousness
started to collapse, I grabbed her shoulders and added,

"Fix me, Aileen Makerfield."

  

* * *

  

My consciousness flickered while I sensed Aileen and several strangers. There
were a few voices following me.

"How can an incarnation have a story of this magnitude...?"

"Who is he?"

"...There are a mixture of stories that don't fit the norm. Oh my god. Isn't
this a legendary story?"

"Is this really an incarnation? I don't think this is the status of an
incarnation."

"He ate these dangerous fragments and are still alive..."

I wouldn't have suffered so much if the level of Lamarck's Giraffe was higher.
If the absorption rate was high, it would be possible to neutralize the effect
of mixing story fragments.

However, that wasn't my current situation. Like the human immune response,
different stories were attacking each other to defend themselves.

"We need to stabilize this as soon as possible..."

Aileen's voice was tense.

Aileen Makerfield. According to Ways of Survival, she was a magic engineer on
the planet Lindberg. She studied for a long time and learnt that the essence
of this world was the 'story'.

She didn't achieve transcendent but she was one of the few incarnations with
the attribute of Story Expert.

My consciousness flickered a few more times. Then strength gradually started
to return to my body. The chills caused by the exile penalty were reduced and
the pain of my body alleviated.

The Right Arm of the Poor Sword Master and Broken Heart of a Young Gold Dragon
didn't collide with the other stories and safely permeated my body.

Indeed, it was a good choice to visit Aileen.

I finished checking my body and slowly opened my eyes. There was the beautiful
ace of a young boy in front of me.

I felt it before but he really was pretty. It was better to express his
appearance as a girl than a boy.

"Wah\!" The surprised young man suddenly screamed.

I tried to slowly raise my body but I couldn't move. Looking closer, my body
was tied to the operating table. It seemed to be a technique to suppress the
power of the story...

I looked around and found that there was only the boy. Perhaps he was a bit
relieved to know I was tied up and the boy opened his mouth. "Hey, what are
you?"

No, this situation was better. I needed some time along with these guys
anyway. I told him, "What do you think? You like quizzes."

"...Who said that?"

"In any case, make a guess."

Intrigue filled the eyes of the young boy. As expected, it was a good catch.
The young man thought about it before asking me, "Are you a returnee?"

"Returnee? Why do you think that?"

"It doesn't make sense for a common citizen of the Demon Realm to have such a
large amount of money."

"It's okay. Continue."

"You said that you're not a demon and I don't think you are a normal
incarnation. You also have many rare stories. You seem to be somewhat strong.
Then there is only one answer."

"Hrmm..."

"How is it? Is my reasoning correct?"

I looked at his brightly shining eyes and somehow wanted to make fun of him.
"Your reasoning is right but you need one premise."

"What's the premise?"

"The premise is that all returnees are strong."

The beautiful young man's expression became strange at my words.

"What do you mean by that? Don't you know what a returnee is? They are those
who returned to their planets after gaining a powerful strength from another
dimension or planet. How can those people be weak?"

"I don't know. You haven't met all returnees in the world, right?"

"That..."

"For example, some returnees might not want to return because they hate their
planet."

The expression of the young boy hardened.

"You are frustrated because you moved to a different dimension several times
but didn't get much power."

"..."

"You got a new body but you don't have any talent."

"...Wait."

"You became frustrated by your lack of talent and decided to sit still in one
place and live an ordinary life."

"...Who are you really?"

I grinned and opened my mouth. "Hayoung. Are you happy with your life in the
Demon Realm?"

"What?"

\[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated\!\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Jang Hayoung \(Aslan Makerfield\)

Age: 23 years old \(15 years old\)

Sponsor: None

Exclusive Attributes: Dimensional Mover \(Hero\), Estranged from Birthplace
\(Rare\), Master of the Wall \(Myth\)

Exclusive Skills: Unidentified Wall Lv. 1, Spiteful Tongue Lv. 3, Grumbling
Lv. 5, Laziness Lv. 3, Sloth Lv. 3, Lethargy Lv. 4...

Grumbling, Laziness, Sloth, Lethargy...

Who would see this guy's information and think he was the second protagonist
of Ways of Survival? If Yoo Joonghyuk saw this, his pride would be hurt by the
fact that his name was on the same list.

"H-How are you...?\!"

However, Jang Hayoung wasn't originally like this. He tried and tried again,
but the results weren't good. A huge 'wall' was always obstructing him. The
results didn't match the process.

"Oh, you don't use your real name here. Should I call you Aslan?"

"How do you know my real name?" The surprised Jang Hayoung backed up towards
the wall.

I looked at him and recalled old memories.

Author-nim. I think it is better to create a new character...

If I hadn't left the comment at that time...

Would Jang Hayoung exist in today's world?

In addition, it should preferably be a pretty girl...

Maybe this was why I felt responsible for this guy. I didn't know if the
author created this character because of me. However...

The setting, hrmm. Since Joonghyuk is a regressor, it is enough if the new
character is a dimensional mover.

At the very least, if I hadn't left this comment, the second protagonist
wouldn't have to keep moving dimensions.

"You're not without talent. You just don't know your talent."

"What? W-What does that mean?"

I was just opening my mouth again when the door burst open.

"Is that Aslan? What's the fuss?"

"A-Aileen\!"

Aileen saw Jang Hayoung's face and glanced at me. "What are you? What did you
do to him?"

I shrugged without saying anything. Some people could be seen behind Aileen.
Maybe there were members of the Syswitz Civil Council. They were the last
conscience against the duke's ambitions. I liked such people.

I could deal with Jang Hayoung later. I needed to take care of this side
first. "Duke Syswitz..."

"What?"

"He is ambitious. He refused a high-ranking position in another demon realm
and came to this remote area."

The members of the civil council glanced at each other at my words.

I stared at Aileen and said, "Maybe Duke Syswitz asked you to make him giant
soldiers. Is that right?"

"Eh?"

"That guy, he got a taste when he went on a tour of the Demon Realm. That's
why he is making such an unreasonable request. He doesn't know his subjects."

"H-How do you...\!"

The members of the civil council were greatly confused by the information I
knew. The surprised Aileen seemed to be stiffening. I didn't miss this chance.

"You have refused him three times and next time he will take you by force. Are
you ready?"

The faces of Aileen and the citizens darkened at my words. It was certain.
They were powerful on their own planets but they couldn't compare to a duke of
the Demon Realm.

I enjoyed the silence before saying with a grin. "If you listen to my
conditions, I will stop the duke for you."

It was puzzling for them. The exile who suddenly appeared not only knew this
information but also offered a ridiculous proposal.

It was Aileen who struggled to shut her mouth. "You... who the hell are you?"

Yes, it started from here.

I wish I could say that I was 'Kim Dokja' but that wasn't possible yet. If I
revealed my name here, the constellations on Earth would know I was still
alive.

Then... let's go back to the original work. I recalled the 111th regression in
the novel and declared in a voice as evil as possible.

"My name is Yoo Joonghyuk. I am here to become the 'demon king' of the 73rd
Demon Realm."

  

* * *

  

\[Your notoriety is spreading in the 73rd Demon Realm.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk stared up at the sky the moment he heard the message.

"...What?"

Of course, the sky didn't answer. Then Yoo Joonghyuk's expression changed
strangely.

Yoo Joonghyuk thought about something for a moment before staring at the sky
with disbelief, muttering, "Kim Dokja?"


