### Chapter 551: Epilogue 5 - The Eternity and Epilogue \(Complete\)

...Can't upload the file to the cloud?

Han Sooyoung hurriedly checked her Stigma several times at that sudden
message.

However, it showed no signs of activating. It was as if the system's blessings
had disappeared. And for sure, her body started to feel different from a
little while ago. Her body that felt like it could fly to anywhere was now
getting gradually heavier and heavier.

...Could it be? No, hang on a second.

She figured that a day like this would come eventually, but it happened far
quicker than she bargained for.

\[The 'Bureau's Story' in your possession has stopped its storytelling.\]

Han Sooyoung hadn't even written the novel's final episode yet, either.

Besides, if the Cloud System was no more, even if she did finish writing the
manuscript, transmitting it would still be impossible.

"Goddammit..."

Right then, someone hurriedly shoved open the hospital room's door and rushed
inside.

"Han Sooyoung\!"

It seemed that her companions had also realized the severity of the situation.

  

* * *

  

"There's no way whatsoever? Seriously?"

"...For the time being, yes."

Devices that operated through magical energy were grinding to a halt one by
one. Thanks to that, Lee Seolhwa's hospital was urgently swapping out the
power source for the various medical equipment at the moment.

"What about Kim Dokja's condition?"

"Thankfully, there don't seem to be any complications so far."

Although the power of the system had vanished, the sleeping Kim Dokja was
still the same. A boy quietly slumbering away, neither alive nor dead. And
this very boy's other reincarnated souls living in various parts of the world-
lines should be reading the manuscript she had written.

"I couldn't update the last bit of the manuscript. At this rate..." Han Sooyoung
muttered out.

"The 'Oldest Dreams' might not get to read the last part of the story, then."

Yoo Sangah's observation caused Lee Jihye and Jang Hayoung to cry out one
after the other.

"What will happen now? Wasn't the last part of the manuscript the most
important bit?"

"What about my side story?\!"

"That's not really important, is it?"

They didn't know how many world-lines Yoo Joonghyuk had paid pilgrimage to so
far, but still, quite a large number of worlds should've seen the publication
of the novel to the latest chapter by now.

"Argh, the one thing I hate so much in this world is a novel that gets dropped
in the middle..."

The final part of the novel, its epilogue, was all about the 'thing that
hasn't happened yet' to the 'Oldest Dream'.

Quite obviously, there was simply no way that all of them could perfectly
imagine a story that hadn't happened yet.

"What should we do? You said that the last episode is the most crucial one."

"We still have one more method." Han Sooyoung chewing on her fingers looked up
to the heavens and spoke. "There is one more person who can fix the manuscript
beside me. And we don't have a choice but to believe in him."

  

* * *

  

"...The manuscript stopped updating."

The manuscript was updated roughly once a day without fail. But for the last
month or so, the updates had completely stopped coming. At first, he thought
this was an error arising from him travelling between the world-lines far too
frequently, but when he took a closer look, even the log-in history itself was
gone.

\[Captain, I think something has gone wrong somewhere.\]

He had two theories. One, Han Sooyoung found herself in a situation where she
couldn't write the manuscript anymore, or two, Earth's system had finally
ground to a halt.

Whatever the case might be, this was not a good situation.

\[Files are being automatically transmitted to the connected world-lines.\]

The manuscript's latest chapter had been transmitted to other world-lines
already. In the world where the serialisation started first, the notice for
postponement had been issued already  what happened was that the author
panicked when he suddenly couldn't think of the story and hastily announced
the postponement.

The situation was not good. At this rate, authors losing their composure might
start cooking up their own take on the part Han Sooyoung had failed to write
and upload.

\[...Captain, there isn't much time.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk looked down at both of his hands. He then slowly clenched his
fists before unfurling them.

It wasn't as if there were no other options available. If Han Sooyoung was not
in a situation to finish the manuscript, then... The person who could, had to
complete it.

\[Attribute's effect has been activated\!\]

\[You can now edit the manuscript in the Cloud System.\]

\[A lot of Probability is required for the editing of the manuscript.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly closed his eyes, before opening them again.

  

* * *

  

Two months passed by after the system had entered the dissolution sequence.

The system that started crumbling away didn't show any signs of mending
itself. The number of people who could hear the messages gradually decreased.
Also, skills and Stigmata started disappearing one by one. Even the voices of
the Stories couldn't be heard anymore.

 An airliner operating on magic energy engines has crashed in the East Sea...

Artefacts from the bygone world that hadn't been replaced yet began causing
problems as well.

"Argh, that's why I told them to replace all of that stuff\!"

Jung Heewon watching the news on the screen finally blew her top.

Han Sooyoung asked her. "Who went over there?"

"Jihye and the kids. Although pretty weak, they can still activate their
Stigmata, so..."

The two of them watched the live broadcast of the rescue attempt. The screen
now displayed the figures of Lee Jihye, Lee Gilyoung, and Shin Yoosung  as
well as their turtle ship and Chimera Dragon, both of which were a lot smaller
than before.

"The waves are too strong."

Survivors were continuously extracted and rescued one at a time, but the
incoming waves were getting rougher by the second as well. The Chimera Dragon
and the turtle ship tottered precariously. The rescue operation continued on
despite the rough, inclement weather, but the situation didn't seem optimistic
at the moment.

Han Sooyoung, unable to look on anymore, stood up from her seat. "Call Yoo
Sangah right now and get a helicopter ready. It's gonna be impossible for
those three alone."

"I already did, but due to the storm..."

Han Sooyoung quietly spat out, "Dammit," and began packing her stuff.

 Breaking news, just in. An unidentified flying object has broken into the
East Sea's atmosphere and entered the...

Inside the screen, they could now see an object flying in through the pitch-
black storm clouds. Accompanied by a massive explosion noise, a distant spot
in the ocean was enveloped in bright light. Drones broke past the winds and
waves to fly there, and continued to transmit real-time footage from the
nearby ocean.

Soon, the exterior of the flying object was revealed among the pulsating grey
foams. It was a capsule-shaped ark, and someone was standing up from within
it.

"...Yoo Joonghyuk??"

  

* * *

  

After confirming the news, Han Sooyoung and the rest of the companions all
rushed to the East Sea.

 All of the injured survivors have been safely rescued with help from the
alien being...

 The alien in question has been identified as the terror suspect who had left
Earth two years ago...

Breaking news continued to inundate the airwaves.

How long did they wait by the docks? Finally, the rescue ships approaching the
port could be seen in the distance  Lee Jihye's turtle ship occupying the
central position in the formation. She and the kids were waving their hands.

And right behind them was a man looking at the dock and at his companions.

"You...\!"

It was an unfamiliar sight. Although his face hadn't changed a lot, his
dishevelled hair sported several grey spots now.

"Been a while," said Yoo Joonghyuk.

Han Sooyoung paused, not knowing what to say  before shooting back
reflexively at him. "What about the mission? Why have you come back so soon?"

She knew full well she shouldn't have said that. The length of time Yoo
Joonghyuk must've endured should not be simplified with such words.

Yoo Joonghyuk replied. "I had no choice but to return."

"Oppa\!"

Yoo Mia ran in from behind the group and jumped into his embrace. He gently
held her as she sobbed nonstop.

Han Sooyoung quietly observed the scene before asking him. "Who's the girl you
brought with you?"

That prompted the girl behind Yoo Joonghyuk to peek her head out and say
something. "Seriously, you too...? No one recognises me." The girl grandly
sighed out and muttered as if she was tired of doing this. "Bah-aht."

  

* * *

  

Yoo Sangah personally went to fetch the companions with her limousine. During
the transit, as Lee Seolhwa performed the medical check-up on him, Yoo
Joonghyuk began recounting all the events that had happened to him.

From the moment of leaving Earth, lost and drifting between the world-lines,
receiving help from the Outer Gods, meeting Biyoo in the Dark Stratum, and to
eventually completing his trip around the world-lines.

"...You had no choice but to return because you ran out of Story energy?"

"That's right."

It seemed that the dissolution of the system had affected Yoo Joonghyuk in
outer space, as well. In other words, this was the worst possible situation
that could happen.

"Just how long were you out there in space?"

"Are you curious?"

A faint smile-like expression floated up on Yoo Joonghyuk's lips before
vanishing completely. As that was a rather un-Yoo Joonghyuk-like behaviour,
Han Sooyoung ended up frowning deeply.

"...You actually smiled?"

"Rest easy. I've already visited all the world-lines that I could have gone
to. With Biyoo's help, a link that updates in real-time has been established,
so the authors of those world-lines should be uploading the novel in the
correct sequence."

The companions eavesdropping all breathed a sigh of relief at Yoo Joonghyuk's
words.

However, one important point still remained.

"Did you transmit everything? What about the last part of the manuscript? What
did you do with the final episode?" Han Sooyoung asked.

"Are you talking about the part you didn't send to me?"

"That's right\! The last part of the manuscript that you could have fixed\!"
Han Sooyoung finally exploded in impatient anger. "You also have a writer's
attribute, right? If you've been reading my novel from the start, you should
at least be able to guess how the conclusion is supposed to unfold, right?
Huh? So, did you write it? You did write it instead of me, right??"

Yoo Joonghyuk wordlessly stared at Han Sooyoung. How long passed by like this?
He quietly shifted his gaze outside the window.

Han Sooyoung's voice began trembling. "You... You couldn't have..."

"Do you believe that I should've written it?"

"What dogshit are you talking about, you bastard?\! Obviously you...\!"

"Do you believe that it's reasonable to write our wish that didn't come true
as the novel's conclusion?" He looked at Han Sooyoung's expression hardening
up in an instant and continued on. "Han Sooyoung. No matter how hard we try,
this story is different from the lives we had lived."

"...You, you think I don't know that..."

Indeed, she also knew. Rather, she knew it better than anyone out there.

She kept feeling this sense of separation with every sentence being written.
No matter how precise the words she wrote were, no matter how painstakingly
considered each expression she came up with was  it was still impossible to
fully capture the history they remembered and to fully reproduce Kim Dokja who
used to live in this world within the story's pages.

"It's not as if I didn't give it a shot. I utilised the Story that I still
remembered and tried to write the final episode, just like how you did.
However..."

In order to recreate Kim Dokja, the Stories of the companions had gathered.
One piece, two pieces... The sentences they remembered were piled up to become
the imaginary 'Kim Dokja'.

...You wish to hear what my boy was like when he was young?

The 'Dokja' ahjussi that I remember was...

I'm telling you, hyung really did that\! For real\!

One percent of Kim Dokja, then two percent...

Many people still remembered him, and Kim Dokja as gathered in that manner
could potentially have ended up as the 99 percent.

"Even if Kim Dokja came back to us alive through the story we have crafted, do
you truly believe that he will be the real Kim Dokja?"

That remaining one percent of Kim Dokja they couldn't remember.

That Kim Dokja none of them could remember, where would he be left behind in
this universe, then?

"Even before his soul scattered, Kim Dokja was the 'Oldest Dream'. Haven't you
ever thought about how strange it was? Why didn't that fool ever dream of his
own happiness?"

Han Sooyoung shot back in near hysteria. "...Even if he is the 'Oldest Dream',
you can't just imagine a world the way you want. Most of the dreaming itself
is done subconsciously\!\!"

"In that case, Kim Dokja's subconsciousness must've thought that this
conclusion is the right one."

An existence who had never imagined his own happiness. The 'Kim Dokja' they
knew was such a person.

"I also know that\! I knew that Kim Dokja was such a person... Why do you think
I started writing this story in the first place? Why, why I have..."

Drops of something wet were falling onto the backs of her feet. She wanted to
say something, anything. To shout out, to grab hold onto Yoo Joonghyuk's neck
and choke him, shake him around. However, she couldn't.

A voice mixed with indescribable fatigue entered her ears.

"In order to save someone..."

Han Sooyoung raised her head at Yoo Joonghyuk's voice fleeting past.

"Because of your story, I was able to survive until now."

She glared at him with her reddened, tearful eyes. "That's not something I
wanted to hear from a bastard like you."

The distant view of the Industrial Complex could be seen.

That was their home. A place where every member of <Kim Dokja's Company> used
to live. A place created by someone's seemingly impossible dream.

Everyone now looked at it.

Yoo Sangah holding the steering wheel spoke. "...So, that's what happened. Thank
you for telling us the story, Joonghyuk-ssi."

No one was crying. No one criticised Yoo Joonghyuk for his choice. This wasn't
because their sorrow had been watered down. No, perhaps they had grown that
much stronger.

It wasn't just Yoo Joonghyuk alone.

The companions regained enough strength to carry on with their remaining time
by writing the story, then reading what had been written all the while praying
for a certain someone to read this story with them. The courage not to crumble
even when the miracle they dreamed about evaporated right before their eyes.

Now, they could carry on knowing that some people were reading their story in
the distant, far-flung other side of the universe.

Lee Jihye asked. "...By the way, that novel? Was it popular?"

"It wasn't bad."

"You think Dokja ahjussis were enjoying it?"

"Hey, you sooty bastard\! Have you seen the reincarnated Dokja-hyung? How was
he?"

As if they wanted to ask about everything they were dying to know until now,
questions from the companions bombarded Yoo Joonghyuk next.

He calmly replied. "I haven't seen any reincarnated Kim Dokja. However..." He
looked at Kim Dokja's statue brushing past the vehicle's window and continued
on. "...That fool definitely has read the story. I have a hunch."

"Dokja ahjussi must be really irritated about now. Not being able to see the
conclusion again..."

How would the Kim Dokjas of other world-lines remember this story's
conclusion? Han Sooyoung had no way of knowing. Coming up with a good
conclusion was as difficult as making your ex accept the reason why you were
breaking up with them.

"...Wait, Dokja-ssis from other world-lines aren't going to invade this place,
are they?"

That question prompted someone to whisper softly.

"That might be nice."

At the end of those words, deep silence descended on the companions. With
great timing, Yoo Sangah turned on the music right then. Notes from the
instruments cascaded like falling raindrops. No one tried to look at each
other's faces. That was the only courtesy they could exercise, at least for
this moment.

Within this weighty tenderness of the moment, Han Sooyoung's thoughts drifted
towards her novel still stored inside her notebook PC.

The story without the last chapter.

And now, no one would get to read about this novel's conclusion.

But perhaps, this world sometimes needed a story like that, she mused.

"How about we... start living in one house again?"

Everyone raised their heads at someone's suggestion.

A realization was gradually dawning on Han Sooyoung.

This was the story that Kim Dokja had given to them.

The companions had regained their daily lives, and Yoo Joonghyuk came home,
too.

This was the end of <Kim Dokja's Company>'s adventures. The conclusion that
the person they all loved wished to see had finally been completed.

Han Sooyoung abruptly shifted her gaze over to Yoo Joonghyuk. "...Okay, so. Did
you get to find out what your  was?"

"Not yet. However, at this point, I think it no longer matters whether I get
to learn it or..."

It was right at that moment a strange sensation suddenly assaulted him.

The sounds of 'Tsu-chuchuchut' could be heard coming from somewhere.

...

A noise wavered within their ears like a faint, distant song. The moment Yoo
Sangah turned the music off, Biyoo's appearance as she sat in the front
passenger seat suddenly changed.

\[...Bah-aht??\]

Biyoo had morphed back into the figure of a large furball. But that couldn't
be possible. Before climbing into the car, she clearly said that the
dissolution of the system had paralysed her ability to shapeshift.

"Uh??"

The voices coming from the empty air grew clearer and clearer. This was
definitely sounds of Stories busy telling their stories.

"...What's going on? The system should still be broken, though?"

Han Sooyoung stared at Yoo Joonghyuk, but he was looking back at her with the
exact same eyes as hers.

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', has begun its storytelling once more.\]

Groups of blinding letters were streaming past in the skies outside the
vehicle's windows. They were from a Story the companions knew intimately.

"Yoo Sangah\!\!"

Yoo Sangah hurriedly stepped on the accelerator. Meanwhile, Han Sooyoung
answered her phone loudly ringing inside her pocket. The call was from Aileen.

 Sooyoung-ssi\!\! Right now, it...\!

Her voice couldn't be heard properly because of all the noises coming from the
surroundings.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has begun its storytelling once more.\]

Stories that had vanished without a trace along with the system's dissolution
were now streaming towards somewhere while following after one another. Every
single one of them were stories that had come to an end a long time ago.

Is the story really over when the author stops writing it?

Han Sooyoung looked up at the letters floating around in the skies.

The letters that didn't hold any meaning when existing independently of each
other were beginning to find their mates and groups one by one.

"...Disconnected film theory?\!"

The companions soon drove into the Complex and hurriedly jumped out of the
limousine. Then, they began running. The Stories they had acquired until now,
the Stories they had been telling until now, were brushing past their sides.

No one knew what the conclusion to this story was.

No matter how hard they tried, 'Kim Dokja' would never come back. Even if they
did recreate the '99% Kim Dokja', that missing one percent would always be
there.

But then, what if there was one existence in this entire world that could fill
the last void of one percent? One existence, who used to possess the letters
subconsciously scattered to the distant universe?

"Sooyoung-ssi\! Over there\!"

They could see Lee Seolhwa's hospital in the distance. Stories leisurely
streaming there guided them. Stories were gathering towards the hospital ward
they were all intimately familiar with.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling once more.\]

Han Sooyoung thought to herself.

If an author didn't write it, then a story's conclusion couldn't be created.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling
once more.\]

Even if that was true, however, did that mean those reading the story couldn't
imagine the conclusion on their own way? Han Sooyoung powerfully bit her lip.
This story was created by her own hands. But another story she didn't know of
was continuing on from the end of her story.

What will happen if the moment of someone's imagination overtaking the
author's sentences, comes?

As skills and Stigma hadn't returned in full yet, Han Sooyoung ran out of
breath rather quickly. Yoo Joonghyuk supported her and kept running. Shin
Yoosung rushing up the stairs tripped and fell. Other companions reached out
and helped her up.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling once
more.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', has begun its storytelling
once more.\]

The Giant Stories they had acquired together were returning to them one by
one. Even the unnamed last Story of <Kim Dokja's Company> began singing about
the emotion that no one dared to name.

This desire, a wish, of those who went their separate ways a long time ago to
become one once more.

To grieve for someone else, to celebrate, to get angry, and to despair. And
eventually, wishing to become that someone else.

Someone was sympathising with their story. As her breathing grew heavier and
heavier, Han Sooyoung kept thinking to herself over and over again.

If this story can really save you...

If you regained just a little of your memories and remember us just one more
time...

"Over there\!"

...Then I'll keep writing the epilogue for you until the end of the time, for
eternity.

She reached before the hospital room's door, completely out of breath. Han
Sooyoung was now standing before the very room that she came to visit every
single day for the past four years.

The rest of the companions running up the staircase one step behind were now
looking at her. She looked back, and began recalling the very last paragraph
to the conclusion she didn't get to write.

There are three ways to survive in a ruined world.

She then heard Jung Heewon shouting out.

"Han Sooyoung\!"

The other companions who heard the news belatedly  companions who didn't
accompany them to the East Sea, could be seen running over here through the
building's window.

I've forgotten a few by now. However, one thing's for certain.

Han Sooyoung's trembling hand grasped the door's handle.

She was scared. What if there was nothing beyond this door?

What if all this was nothing more than a sweet lie?

She looked to her side, and saw Yoo Joonghyuk nodding his head.

And that is, the you reading these words will get to survive.

No matter what was waiting for them beyond this door, they were now ready to
witness it. The door creaked noisily as it opened. Faint rays of sunlight
entered through the wide-open window. The pages of the manuscript she spent
the whole night revising scattered around in the wind. Letters scattered in a
blinding fashion. The story she didn't get to complete, it was right there.

The sentences she really wanted to write sometime, even if it was not now.
While thinking about those sentences, Han Sooyoung grinned like an idiot.

This story is for just that one reader.


