### Chapter 227: Ep. 43 - Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, I

After the completion of the senior-grade dokkaebi test, Bihyung was somehow
lazy. All he had to do was manage the 'Korean Peninsula scenario' that was
left to him by the former Seoul branch manager, Baram. Sometimes, all he had
to do was lie down and watch the scenarios he made.

Heewon-ssi\! It's this way\!

Damn, I missed one. One person is going to the north\!

On the screen, one of the scenarios on the Korean Peninsula called 'Catching
the Mole' was in full swing. It was a scenario where they had to catch all the
'bomb moles' that escaped within a certain

time.

A terrible explosion would occur if one was missed but the constellations on
the Korean Peninsula didn't seem distressed.

Titano found it. I'll take care of it with Yoosung.

The incarnations showed perfect organization and teamwork. It was different
from some countries where a quarter of the land was blown away from similar
scenarios. Of course, this scenario wouldn't be approved if it had such
extreme difficulty.

"Damn, why is it like this..."

Bihyung grumbled as he bit his fingers. In fact, he could increase the
difficulty of this scenario much higher. It could blow up half the Korean
Peninsula and lead the incarnations to a terrible disaster. However, he didn't
do so.

'I should've saved Kim Dokja at that time... if I raise the difficulty here,
they will surely die'.

It was too late to regret it now. No matter how many preparations were made,
it was impossible to live outside the scenario.

\[Constellations of the Korean Peninsula are supporting 'Kim Dokja's Party'.\]

\[Constellations of the Korean Peninsula have sponsored 2,000 coins.\]

The reason why Bihyung's channel was maintained was due to the subscribers Kim
Dokja left behind. The constellations were steadily supporting the scenario,
regardless of whether they were interesting or not. However, the channel
didn't only have such constellations.

\[Many constellations are bored with the progress of the scenario.\]

\[Some constellations have left the channel.\]

Kim Dokja had disappeared and Yoo Joonghyuk left the Korean Peninsula
scenario. Thus, the number of constellations abandoning the channel grew every
day. In other words, Bihyung was slowly dying.

'I need to make changes. But how?'

Of course, he knew how. If he raised the difficulties of the scenarios like
before and tricked the constellations, the subscribers would increase again.
Nevertheless, Bihyung no longer wanted to lead the scenario that way.

'Maybe I've changed as well'.

He had changed from his old self who only pursued unconditionally stimulating
scenarios and didn't care much about the life and death of the incarnations.
Bihyung wanted to tell a different story. He wanted to forget the 'cider' that
the bureau mentioned and see different scenarios. Just like the scenarios made
by the first generation dokkaebis, something that would be remembered for a
long time by the dokkaebis...

Bihyung.

Bihyung heard something through the dokkaebi communication and reflexively
rose.

You look good. Have you been well?

The face that emerged on the panel was Baram, former Seoul branch manager who
left the Seoul Dome after becoming a 'great dokkaebi candidate'. The astounded
Bihyung quickly acted politely.

After leaving the Seoul branch, Baram entered the senior administrative
bureau. It was a place where the wisest dokkaebis around the world gathered.

Baram on the panel seemed more impressive than he did before.

I contacted you because I have a few messages.

"A few...?" Bihyung was a bit nervous. It was because he never received good
news when Baram spoke in such a meaningful manner.

There are signs of a giant story.

"...Isn't there still a lot of time left until Gigantomachia or Ragnarok?"

It isn't those stories. The giant story is being set up in the Demon Realm.

Bihyung's expression changed at the words 'Demon Realm'.

"Is it the Demon King Selection?"

Bihyung watched Baram nodding and gulped. Unlike the giant stories that
appeared on a regular basis, the Demon King Selection was a very rare
scenario. Bihyung had never seen the Demon King Scenario in person.

'The last selection tournament was already 800 years ago'.

Just imagining the giant story caused his heart to shake with excitement.
Baram read Bihyung's heart and laughed.

Are you looking forward to it?

"I'm looking forward to it but I also feel regret. Who is the dokkaebi
responsible for it?"

The Demon Realm had been the domain of the wenny people since ancient times.
It was a barren scenario area where channels almost never opened. This was the
Demon Realm. Then the broadcast of the Demon King Selection...

This time is different. The bureau has decided to dispatch dokkaebis to the
Demon Realm.

"Huh? That..."

The dokkaebis didn't interfere in the work of the wenny people and the wenny
people didn't interfere in the work of the dokkaebis. This was the 'Promise of
the Horizon'. Now Baram's words were directly contradicting the covenant.

I was originally planning to open a channel after signing a new agreement
with the wenny people but it has become more complicated. They broke the
promise first.

"They broke the promise?"

An illegal channel has occurred in the Demon Realm.

"...Huh?"

It was something that couldn't happen according to common sense. There were no
dokkaebis in the Demon Realm. Then how was a channel opened?

I'm not sure about the exact details. That's why the bureau is in an uproar
right now.

"If the wenny people stole a channel, can't you close it from here?"

The operating rights of the channel were limited to the dokkaebi. Even if the
wenny people stole a channel using a strange trick, the bureau could easily
handle it by closing one or two channels.

The problem isn't the wenny people.

"It isn't the wenny people? Then who opened the channel?"

It seems there is a dokkaebi in the Demon Realm.

"...Dokkaebi?"

Wait... perhaps? No, no. It wasn't possible. Baram kept speaking.

In any case, that is why I've dispatched dokkaebi from the bureau to the
Demon Realm.

"I see. By the way, why are you telling me this?"

You are on the list to be sent.

"I'm in charge of the Korean Peninsula."

Other dokkaebis will take care of the Korean Peninsula for a while. Take a
few intermediate dokkaebis and go to the Demon Realm.

Bihyung was silent for a moment. Leave the hottest Earth scenario and go to
the Demon Realm? This was the same as a demotion.

Aren't there a few incidents on the Korean Peninsula anyway? Don't feel too
sorry. Your dream of going higher can be achieved if you do this properly.

"...You told me a similar story last time. Why me?"

I don't know the exact reason but the elders pointed to you directly.

There is no refusing if they have decided. Bihyung's expression became
depressed. He had to go to that dangerous area?

I know what you are thinking but don't be too depressed. It isn't a demotion.
Rather, I have one more piece of information that you might like to hear.

Bihyung raised his head without any expectations while Baram spoke in a
strange voice.

The Demon King of Salvation has appeared in the Demon Realm.

  

* * *

  

We were silent for a long time. 30 minutes passed after Yoo Joonghyuk's words
before I finally opened my mouth. In these 30 minutes, I saw Aileen enter and
leave the room once.

"...Yoo Joonghyuk, did you bring the Uriel doll?"

Yoo Joonghyuk silently pulled out the doll at my question. I carefully
examined the doll. The arms and legs were all torn apart. It might be a
symbolic body but Uriel's real body would've been impacted by such a blow. An
archangel with such pride was suffering like this in the Demon Realm.

"...I can't go back now."

"I see."

He answered as if he already knew. I turned my head and saw that Yoo Joonghyuk
was also watching the Uriel doll. We didn't speak but we could clearly tell
what the other person was thinking.

"Are you going to take part in the Demon King Selection?"

"...That's right."

The Demon King Selection. It was a scenario I had to go through to confront
the constellations in the future.

"I'm sorry for the party members but I have to get a giant story here." I
spoke while carefully attaching Uriel's torn arm. "This way, I can prepare for
the future destruction scenarios."

My choices would be limited if I returned to Earth. I could get opportunities
here and build up my power so it wasn't efficient to go back now. The scenario
difficulty had already become more terrible than the original novel. I would
only lose time from my work if I returned to Earth.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me for a moment. "It isn't a bad idea."

His tone showed he understood many things. Perhaps Yoo Joonghyuk understood my
heart more than anyone else. It was because he lost his precious things when
he was weak.

I asked, "What are you going to do?"

"I"m going to stay in the Demon Realm for a while. There is a personal
scenario here so I can't leave right away."

Hoh, I see.

"Really? If you don't mind, why don't you help me out?"

"I am helping myself, not you."

I looked up at Yoo Joonghyuk because I wanted to know what he meant. It was
clearly the same expressionless face as before but something felt different.
"...Are you also planning to participate in the Demon King Selection?"

"It is natural."

My mind became complicated. This jerk, he was thinking about taking part in
the Demon King Selection...?

"Wait\! You told me to go back to Earth..."

Yoo Joonghyuk ignored me and got up to go to the window. The faint light of
the sunset cast a dark shade on Yoo Joonghyuk's face. According to Ways of
Survival, Yoo Joonghyuk pretended to have a cool face when he was caught.

This bastard, he wanted to send me back to Earth and become the demon king.
The shameless back looked like it wanted to flee.

Then Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "They're coming."

A cold surged from outside the window as Aileen and Mark ran through the door
of the treatment room. I was able to know what was going on without listening
to them. It was because Biyoo had woken up and was staring at me nervously.

\[The constellation 'Founder of Humanity' is looking at the Yoo Joonghyuk
Industrial Complex.\]

\[The constellation 'The Last Pharaoh' is looking at the Yoo Joonghyuk
Industrial Complex.\]

\[Constellations of certain nebulae are looking at the Yoo Joonghyuk
Industrial Complex.\]

More than a dozen stars twinkled in the sky and one of them let out an intense
burst of light and sparks. After a while, a huge shape started to appear at
the entrance of the industrial complex.

It was the direct descent of an incarnation body. It was a giant mummy with a
golden crown on its head. The height surpassed the walls and the incarnations
in the industrial complex started screaming.

If I remembered correctly, this constellation belonged to Papyrus. In
addition, Papyrus had joined hands with Bercan.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke in a terrible tone, "...I guess they have come to protest."

There was no need to ask what the protest was about. It was already the
prelude to the Demon King Selection.


