### Chapter 256: Ep. 45 - Entrance as a Character, II

The moment the wenny man turned around, three spears made of yellow sparks
struck in front of him. The wenny man frowned and stepped back. It was an
attack containing the power of a great story.

\[A senior dokkaebi.\]

A silhouette floated beyond the yellow trajectory that filled the air. It was
a baby-sized dokkaebi in neat clothing. It was Bihyung.

\[Leave that baby behind and get lost if you know what's good for you.\]

Red fangs flashed from the mouth of the growling Bihyung. The dokkaebis of the
Star Stream didn't easily become angry. The constellations in the channels
didn't like the dokkaebis to express their emotions. However, there were times
when a dokkaebi became truly angry. It was during those times that the canines
would be shone.

\[Why are you coming out for a dokkaebi who isn't a member of the bureau?\]

\[A dokkaebi is a dokkaebi.\]

\[How funny.\]

\[...I gave birth to this child. I might not want to raise her but shouldn't I
act as a parent?\]

The wenny man laughed at the words.

\[Parent? A parent\!\]

It was a great laugh and the lump on his cheek shook.

\[Since when did a dokkaebi have such human aspects? If there was such a
thing, you should've given it to my ancestors.\]

\[Sorry, I wasn't even born at the time.\]

\[Then who will compensate for our suffering?\]

One of the wenny man's eyes concealed by the fog was revealed. It was a Great
Demon's Eye. The yellow iris started spinning and emitting a fierce pressure.

\[Who will compensate us for the pain of having our 'Story Bag' taken away?\]

\[What is this bullshit? I know that story but we gave back the Story Bag. It
was even double\]

The situation got worse and Bihyung's expression started stiffening. He didn't
expect for the wenny man to try to fight against him. Bihyung might've made a
big appearance but this was the first time he was fighting a wenny person.

No matter what happens, avoid fighting a wenny person as much as possible.

It was advice left behind by the previous generation dokkaebis. Bihyung was a
fairly old dokkaebi of the Seoul branch but he knew little about the
relationship between a dokkaebi and wenny person.

The only thing certain was that the two races had been antagonistic since the
days before the concept of the 'channel' was established.

The wenny man said, \[It looks like you don't know anything. You didn't return
the wenny people's possessions.\]

Bihyung was annoyed. \[I don't know about that. Just give me that child
quickly\! If not\]

\[There are many types of evils in the world.\]

There was an eerie chill in the wenny man's voice. Before Bihyung could even
scream, the wenny person continued. It was like the sentence of an old song.

\[The 'first evil' is an evil that makes someone unhappy.\]

The wenny man's lump was gradually getting bigger. A warning was ringing in
Bihyung's head.

\[The 'second evil' is evil that enjoys misery.\]

Along with the lyrics, something was released from the wenny man's lump. It
was something that absolutely shouldn't be released.

\[The most 'repugnant evil' is the evil that reveals its misery to others.\]

Bihyung moved without hesitation.

\[The authority of a giant story is being used.\]

Bihyung became a senior dokkaebi and gained the rights to a giant story. The
wenny person wouldn't be able to resist the power that could manipulate the
Star Stream. By the way, the wenny man was laughing. \[Didn't the previous
generation tell you? Never use that power in front of a wenny person.\]

The story flowing out of the lump started to trap the story around Bihyung's
body. The language of the system was entirely black. It was as if someone had
covered the world in black paint.

\[The operation of the giant story ...\]

Bihyung was startled. This type of manipulation was only available to the
great dokkaebis above the highest-ranking dokkaebis. How did this wenny man
have this power...?

\[Perhaps... the language of another world?\]

\[Stupid dokkaebi. Your mistake was coming here alone.\]

Something was crawling out of the wenny person's lump. A monstrous creature
was sending its tentacles through the torn lump.

\[ K-Kuoh, kuooooh. \]

The quick tentacles instantly grasped Bihyung's small body.

\[The story 'Song of the Wenny Person' is in effect.\]

Bihyung realized too late the moment the story touched him. Why did the
previous generation dokkaebis avoid the wenny people?

\[Due to the racial characteristic, the resistance to the 'wenny people' has
plummeted.\]

\[The hatred of the wenny people makes your mind weak.\]

\[The wenny people's grudge has sharply reduced your fighting power.\]

A feeling of helplessness filled Bihyung and he felt like an incarnation.
Countless gazes pouring from the air struck his body like arrows.

\[The constellation 'King Heungmu the Great' is astonished by the power of the
wenny people.\]

\[The constellation 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' is frowning at the source of the
wenny people's power.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is forming fists.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is greatly angry\!\]

The wenny man laughed. \[We can't apply this power to other races. However, it
is different for a dokkaebi.\]

The force of the tentacles slowly squeezed tighter and suffocated Bihyung. He
could feel the deep grudge of the wenny people through the tentacles.

It was a story that showed a near-invincible force against the dokkaebis as
long as certain conditions were satisfied. He was apalled by the wenny
people's story, which had been filled with the hatred of a race since its
birth.

\[You will die in view of your favourite constellations.\] I will get a very
good story today.\]

The story flowed and squeezed Bihyung like he was a fruit. He belatedly
contacted the bureau but Bihyung would become juice before they came. It
happened the moment his consciousness was going to disappear under the
tightening tentacles.

The tentacles wrapped around Bihyung exploded. The surprised wenny man
retreated and Bihyung's small body fell to the ground. It was a tall man who
caught Bihyung.

"What a stupid dokkaebi to confront a wenny person."

Bihyung turned his head at the cold voice. Bloody boots. A long black coat
flapping in the wind. The trapped Biyoo shouted "Baaat," while the
constellations in the sky sent indirect messages.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is screaming and cheering\!\]

Bihyung saw the black weapon in his hands and realized the identity of the
man.

\[Y-You...?\]

He got goosebumps the moment he locked eyes with the man. It wasn't because of
the man's skill Sage's Eye, which was designed by the oldest man in all
dimensions, nor was it because of the fierceness around his body. Bihyung had
met countless incarnations.

However, only one incarnation had the eyes of this man. He seemed to be
measuring how to kill Bihyung. The moment Bihyung started struggling, the man
threw Bihyung's body back.

"Stay back."

Bihyung fell with a loud sound and rolled across the ground. The man gripped
the sword in his right hand without hesitation. The Black Heavenly Demon Sword
started crying and a solid story of transcendence started surrounding the man.

The cut-off tentacles wriggled on the ground. The wenny man stared blankly at
the scene and Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "You are the great demon of the
horizon."

\[That's right. It has been a while. Puppet of the Oldest Dream.\]

"...It is the first time I'm seeing you."

\[Hahaha\! You will never know\! You will never know even when going through
1,000 deaths and living 1,000 lives again. Because you are...\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk had no intention of listening to the wenny man's bullshit and
his sword cut through the space.

The wenny man saw the blade passing right in front of his nose and shouted,
\[Wouldn't it be good if we both backed away at this point? You have nothing
to do with this situation\]

"Give me Shin Yoosung."

\[What?\]

He followed Yoo Joonghyuk's gaze towards the cage where Biyoo was trapped. The
wenny man finally realized how the situation had gone wrong. \[Are you aiming
for the dokkaebi? Bah\! It is no use for a human to have a channel\]

"I don't need a channel."

Biyoo's eyes shook from inside the cage. The fallen Bihyung stood up and
listened blankly. The atmosphere of transcendence surrounded Yoo Joonghyuk's
blade.

The wenny man laughed. \[I'm dumbfounded. Don't you know the value of this
dokkaebi? It is unreasonable for you in this round. It is useless even with
the person called Kim Dokja\! No matter how many variables, the flow of the
Star Stream...\]

The sparks of transcendence appeared and a waterfall of magic power poured
from Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly Demon Sword. The arm of the wenny man flew
through the air.

Magic power flowed out from the blade in the form of the Breaking the Sky
energy and the wenny man shouted, \[S-Stop\! You don't know because your
cumulative deeds are still low. In other parallel dimensions...\!\]

The excessive leakage of information caused sparks of probability to splash
around the wenny man. He swallowed his words and yelled again.

\[In any case, you're making a mistake now\! Never make me your enemy\]

"I made a promise with my colleagues. I'll get revenge for her."

Biyoo in the cage was shaking. She might've lost her memory and many parts of
her past life had disappeared but Biyoo's body was trembling.

"You'll die here."

The Shin Yoosung of the 41st regression didn't have her memories. If so, who
was the revenge for? Yoo Joonghyuk didn't know. He just swung his sword. Just
like revenge for the first round was completed in the second round and revenge
for the second round was completed in the third round.

He tore at the tentacles coming from the lump and then placed a huge sword
against one of the wenny man's arms. The next moment, Yoo Joonghyuk was
standing behind the wenny man. The energy of Breaking the Sky flooded the
entire space.

\[W-Wait a minute\! Stop\]

The wenny person's lump flew through the air. The next moment, the wenny man's
body was engulfed in the darkness that emerged from the lump.

\[A curse, I will curse you. The 'I' of all dimensions will never forgive
you...\!\]

The wenny man was struck in the mouth by the Black Heavenly Demon Sword. There
was a terrible scream and the darkness that escaped from the lump completely
swallowed the wenny person.

The darkness stared at Yoo Joonghyuk for a moment before it completely
disappeared. Then a complete stillness came. Yoo Joonghyuk stood still for a
while from the excessive use of transcendence. Countless system messages
entered his ears.

\[You have acquired a new legendary story\!\]

\[You have accomplished an achievement that never existed before.\]

\[The story 'One Who Killed a Wenny Person' has been acquired\!\]

\[All the wenny people in the Demon Realm have become hostile to you\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly walked towards the cage and carefully pulled out Biyoo.
Biyoo cried out loudly. Her little hand touched Yoo Joonghyuk several times.
Yoo Joonghyuk stared down at Biyoo for a while before he placed her in his
pocket and started moving.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' has wet eyes.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is wiping his head with a
towel.\]

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' is so impressed that he is writing a
poem.\]

The light of countless constellations was shining towards him but none of them
could reach Yoo Joonghyuk. No matter how many years they had lived, they
couldn't understand the regressor who suffered the destruction of the world
twice. The next moment, Yoo Joonghyuk heard a message.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at you.\]

It was a star that never appeared in the last two rounds. Then why? Yoo
Joonghyuk felt like the star had been there for a long time.

Yoo Joonghyuk declared, "Get lost, Kim Dokja."

Then one of the stars in the sky really went out.

"...Kim Dokja?"

There was no answer from Kim Dokja.


