### Chapter 429: Ep. 81 - A dumpling's reminiscence, II

Right, I had a feeling that he'd be 'Zhu Bajie' from the beginning. However...
Just in which aspect was he anywhere remotely 'Pigsy'?

\[A small portion of the audience cannot comprehend the outer appearance of
Zhu Bajie.\]

\[A small portion of audience members are complaining that this is an insult
to the original work\!\]

\[Judge, 'Meihouwang', argues that this doesn't even make sense\!\]

It seemed that there were some members of the audience with a similar train of
thought as me. And then, in the next moment...

\[The majority of the audience welcome the choice of the current Zhu Bajie.\]

...Huh?

\[Number of votes obtained is increasing greatly\!\]

\[Story chamber's ranking has increased greatly\!\]

...Could it be?

\[Judge, 'Cleanser of Altars', is satisfied with his outer appearance.\]

Those in the know should already be aware of it  this 'Cleanser of Altars'
was Zhu Bajie's Modifier.

\[Judge, 'Cleanser of Altars', is deeply satisfied by the casting of his
role.\]

\[150 additional points have been awarded\!\]

As Yoo Joonghyuk glared at me with his trademark piercing eyes, large letters
slowly floated up before my eyes.

~ Episode 2. The Supreme King, Zhu Bajie ~

  

* * *

  

\[Congratulations\! Your Story chamber's ranking has broken into the top
100.\]

Han Sooyoung looked at the message floating up before her eyes and scrolled to
the next page with a wry grin on her face.

The folks inside the panel screen were acting according to the plot she had
cooked up. She pushed up the horn-rimmed glasses on her nose that didn't have
any lenses and muttered to herself.

"...These kids' sucky acting might cause me a heart attack at this rate."

Fortunately, though, her Story chamber broke past the 1000 voting points mark
and had entered the upper ranks. There was a knock coming from the door behind
her, and Lee Sookyung stepped into the room.

"I've brought some fruits."

"If you bothered to even knock, you should at least wait for an answer. Or
don't knock at all."

"How is everything going?"

"...About as I expected. That Fei Hu's rank is way too high and it's not as easy
as I thought to catch up."

Lee Sookyung confirmed Han Sooyoung's Story chamber ranking over the latter's
shoulder and spoke. "It's only been a couple of days, but you're already so
high up. Amazing."

"Compared to my heyday, this sort of achievement is nothing, you know.
Besides, we don't know what'll happen next."

Han Sooyoung bit into the apple as she fiercely burned the torch of
determination. She could see the dumbfounded face of Sun Wukong within the
panel screen. "...From here onwards, it'll depend on how well that Sun Wukong
does his job."

  

* * *

  

"You're right. I'm Sun Wukong."

Yoo Joonghyuk heard my reply and glared at me with questioning eyes. Right
afterwards, his right eye glowed in the golden light.

\[The usage of 'appraisal skills' isn't allowed within the applicable scenario
location.\]

Due to the worldview's restriction, his \[Sage's Eye\] didn't activate. Since
I had already expected that to happen, I wasn't even remotely surprised by it.

"Looks like you wanted to shoot lasers from your eye," said I with a
refreshing grin on my face.

Whatever the case might have been, Zhu Bajie was fated to become my underling,
according to the original story.

"Shin Yoosung\! What are standing around dazed for?\! Quickly defeat this
guy\!\!"

Lee Gilyoung, still dangling in the air, began to thrash about frantically.

She glanced at him as if it was none of her business, and asked Zhu Bajie,
instead. "Even if you like dumplings that much, how could you build a factory
and use people like slaves? And why did you kidnap women in the first place?"

While listening to her yell, I studied our surroundings.

Zhu Bajie was a demon king of lust and gluttony in the original 'Journey to
the West'.

If you thought about the original's storyline, then the episode we were
currently experiencing wasn't a complete impossibility.

However, even if she detested Yoo Joonghyuk, Han Sooyoung wouldn't have stuck
this closely to the original. She even changed the 'Ways of Survival' to that
minute degree, didn't she?

Besides, even if she wrote such a scenario, Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't have agreed
to...

"I didn't kidnap these women."

His words quickly prompted the surrounding ladies to yell out.

"That's right\! We weren't kidnapped at all\!"

I studied their expressions. Not one of them looked to be under the mind-
control spell.

Meanwhile, Lee Gilyoung yelled out in response. "So what?\! Didn't you enslave
people to make lots of dumplings so you can eat them all??"

Right, that's what the slave in the factory told us. However, there was one
thing that I couldn't understand.

Yoo Joonghyuk really liked \[Murim dumplings\]. It was verging on obsession,
even. But, would someone like him ever touch dumplings mass-produced in a
factory?

"I do not eat what others have made."

Yoo Joonghyuk even declared as thus, so it didn't make sense for him to use
slaves just for the purpose of eating mass-produced dumplings.

And as if to prove me right, Yoo Joonghyuk spoke in a slightly sorrowful tone
of voice. "I haven't eaten these \[Murim dumplings\]."

"What are you talking about?\! You dumpling psycho\! Shin Yoosung\! Do
something already\!"

Rather than answering the boy, Yoo Joonghyuk stared past the crowd around us.
Dozens of houses were lined up along the alleyway. The delivered dumplings
were placed before each house's entrance. I could see the village's young kids
flocking around them to happily eat them.

"...Could it be?"

It was at this point that a warning message suddenly appeared over the whole
village.

\[A revolt has occurred in the 'Dumpling factory'\!\]

The village's entrance once guarded by the gatekeeper crumbled and the
factory's slaves rushed in.

"We will no longer labour for you\!"

"Dumplings over here, dumplings over there, dumplings freaking everywhere\!\!"

"Kill him\! Kill that pig bastard\!\!"

The eyes of the slaves gleamed viciously as they wielded hoes and rakes.

Women were greatly astonished and began shouting out.

"Those Yogoes still haven't learned their lessons\!"

"Yogoes?? But, this guy here is the real Yogoe, isn't he?"

Lee Gilyoung shouted out, still oblivious to the situation.

Yoo Joonghyuk put the boy down as his expression hardened. "...Indeed, I
should've killed them from the get-go."

In that moment, I figured out what was going on here.

Currently, I was the 'Sun Wukong', so it'd be possible for me to borrow some
of his powers. I stared at the waves of Yogoes rushing over here and
strengthened my vision.

\[Stigma, 'Fiery Golden Eyes Lv. ???' is activating\!\]

The 'Fiery Golden Eyes'. The Great Sage's unique Stigma that allowed him to
discern Yogoes and demons.

The colour of the world gradually changed, and the appearance of the humans
rushing over here transformed. Twisted figured emerged, their eyes filled to
the brim with murderous intentions. As expected, they were not human beings.

"Zhu Bajie is not our enemy."

Lee Gilyoung's eyes went extra-round after he heard me. He even looked
disappointed for some reason. "Whaaat? Dang it..."

"Rather than ruling the village, Zhu Bajie has liberated it, instead. It's
those creatures that had been tormenting this village as they are not humans,
but Yogoes that previously ruled this place."

The slave Yogoes finally revealed their true colours and unleashed their
Status to destroy the village. Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung only then
realized what had happened and began directing the crowd.

"Everyone, step behind us\!"

...The revolt of the factory's slaves, was it?

This situation was the complete opposite of the \[Demon Realm Revolution\] in
the past. What we had to do now was not liberation, but suppression.

Yoo Joonghyuk stepped forward first and unsheathed his \[Black Heavenly Demon
Sword\] from... No, hang on a second??

\[A portion of the audience members are puzzled by Zhu Bajie's choice of
weapon.\]

\[Several judges are curious as to why Zhu Bajie is suddenly using a 'blade'
instead.\]

\[Judge, 'Cleanser of Altars', is complaining about the whereabouts of his
'Nine-Tooth Spike Rake'\!\]

According to the original story, Zhu Bajie didn't use a bladed weapon, but a
rake called \[Nine-Tooth Spike-Rake\].

\[Many audience members are overwhelmed by the 'Supreme King Zhu Bajie's'
fighting spirit\!\]

\[A portion of audience members are deeply arrested by the handsome Zhu
Bajie's charms\!\]

\[A portion of judges are accepting the change in weapons that reflect the
current trend.\]

\[Judge, 'Cleanser of Altars', coughs awkwardly and says that he'll overlook
it this time as it looks cool.\]

\[5 additional points have been awarded\!\]

Dammit, were you implying that one's face could even serve as Probability?

Yoo Joonghyuk stepped forward and suddenly brandished the \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\] in my direction, then drew a very tiny circle on the ground
around my feet.

"You do not step beyond this line."

"Eh?"

"Move one step, and I'll kill you."

And then, Yogoes' necks began flying away next.

His sword technique on display was beautiful enough to entrance the viewers.
His swordsmanship had taken yet another major leap forward when compared to
before, making it impossible to imagine just how far he had to push himself to
reach such a realm.

"You're doing okay, Pigsy\!"

"Go get them\!"

Even before I noticed it, both Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung were standing
next to me and cheering on. We stood there and spectated on Yoo Joonghyuk
soloing the great army of Yogoes.

\[Judge, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', feels happy about this pleasing
and relaxing progression of the story.\]

Only now did I finally understand the deeper meaning of Han Sooyoung author-
nim's firm resolution. Indeed, the story of the retired Sun Wukong was a
pretty good one.

\[Judge, 'Cleanser of Altars', is drunk on the coolness of himself.\]

\[Judge, 'Meihouwang', is slightly dissatisfied by the cool-looking Zhu
Bajie.\]

\[30 additional points have been acquired.\]

It was around this point in time that I heard a rather numinous voice
resounding out from the skies above.

\[Wait\! Stop your actions\!\]

The half-dead Yogoes screamed loudly and began prostrating on the ground. The
skies above the village opened up, and a Constellation kitted out in a Taoist
robe made his entrance.

Judging from his attire, I was pretty sure that he was Taishang Laojun \(the
Grand Supreme Elderly Lord\).

\[Oh, Supreme King Zhu Bajie, those Yogoes you have slain are pigs that I
reared back in my palace in Tushita. They escaped after fearing their fate of
being served up on the heaven's dining table, so show them sympathy and allow
me to take the surviving ones away.\]

Yup, that pattern had finally shown up.

The entirety of the Journey to the West's plot unfolded in such a fashion. An
event would occur, the culprit would be revealed as a Yogoe, and when it was
about to be vanquished, some weird Taoist dude would suddenly pop up and say
"Actually, that Yogoe is XX that I'd been rearing" before taking it away with
him.

\[A portion of judges are awarding extra points for the development that
reflect the original work.\]

\[30 additional points have been added\!\]

Of course, there was no way I'd let such a development slide without saying
something, what with my twisted disposition and all. "If you were planning to
take them away anyway, why didn't you come and help the villagers from the
beginning?"

\[My apologies. I was somewhat occupied earlier...\]

Nope, actually, you couldn't be bothered earlier.

Even in reality, countless Constellations of <Emperor> rarely tried to aid
their Incarnations, just like now, when they had prior knowledge on what was
going on in the scenarios.

"Take them away."

\[Thank you.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk gave his permission, and Taishang Laojun ascended up to the sky
along with his 'pigs'.

\(Once Taishang Laojun took his pigs away, peace finally visited this rural
village.\)

A normal story would've come to an end here.

But then, my \[Fiery Golden Eyes\] suddenly stung and the outer appearances of
the Yogoes leaving alongside with Taishang Laojun wavered about greatly.

\[...Don't want... go\]

\[...For how long...\]

I heard the Yogoes' voices, their tone sounding eerily familiar. Even though
they luckily avoided getting killed, none of them looked happy about it. How
should I put this?

It was as if they wanted to die in this place, instead.

  

* * *

  

"This village is now yours. Although you'll have to operate the factory by
yourselves, you won't go empty-bellied like in the past."

With that, Yoo Joonghyuk joined our little group.

The villagers held a tearful farewell party for us before we left. Or more
specifically, they seemed to be disappointed not of us leaving, but due to Yoo
Joonghyuk going with us...

"Chet. I wanted to beat him up and then drag him away."

Once the party ended, Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung set off on the road again,
and I followed after them as well. Meanwhile, Yoo Joonghyuk was keeping a few
steps of distance away from us.

What an awkward atmosphere this was.

Now that I thought about it, I had no clue what Yoo Joonghyuk was like around
my other companions when I wasn't around.

I ended up worrying about him and so, I had to say something. "Excuse me,
Junior Brother. Why don't you walk closer to us?"

"...And who's your 'junior' now?"

That idiot glared back at me with incredibly intimidating eyes and I couldn't
say anything else.

Meanwhile, the kids sidled up to my side and began chatting away in happiness.

"Hey, Demon King of Salvation, you did alright back there."

"If you haven't discovered the truth about those Yogoes back then, we might
have ended up in a big disaster, disciple-nim."

To be honest, I hadn't done anything of note. Yoo Joonghyuk killed Yogoes, and
the one who saved the village was also him. All I did was spectate from the
sidelines and say a couple of lines. Even then, kids were busy praising me,
not him.

I glanced at him. As if he hadn't heard anything, he concentrated on polishing
his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\].

In that moment, Kim Dokja began wondering for the first time ever. 'How did
my companions see Yoo Joonghyuk while I'm not around?

Not too long afterwards, it became evening.

Gathered firewood burned brightly and we formed a small circle around the
campfire to bathe in its warmth. It felt almost as if we were out camping.

It was Yoo Joonghyuk who oh-so-suddenly decided to act like a wet blanket in
this pleasant atmosphere.

"I shall act on my own from now on."

His voice sounded utterly disinterested, as if he was still polishing his damn
sword, prompting me to respond unconsciously. "What do you mean by that?"

"Going to India and fetching the 'sacred texts' will end this journey, is it
not? I alone will be sufficient for this task. I shall go there and..."

"You must not do that\!"

Indeed, Zhu Bajie using his Cloud Riding technique, or even me utilising the
Somersault Cloud, would reach India in the blink of an eye. For sure, Sun
Wukong mentioned this fact back in the original story too, and when I was much
younger, I also questioned the logic behind it as well.

Why didn't Sun Wukong go and get the texts by himself?

I now had a better understanding of why he didn't.

"If you do that, then there will be no meaning to this story."

Taking over fourteen years of slow crawling to cross the distance short enough
to traverse in one night  that time existed for the sole purpose of
completing the story that was the 'Journey to the West'.

However, Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts were different. "I don't have the time to
waste here."

"This trip should not be that long. It'll definitely not take over 14 years
for us, so please be patient. Progressing according to the itinerary while
meeting the rest of our companions should prove to be a good experience for
you."

He must've found it unexpected that I said those words, because he began
staring at me while speaking up. "You are not one of my companions."

Yup, of course.

There was no way that this deeply-suspicious-of-everyone Yoo Joonghyuk would
believe me.

"I know that."

Silence descended among the group.

Lee Gilyoung wordlessly tossed a pebble inside the campfire, while Shin
Yoosung nervously studied Yoo Joonghyuk's and my current moods, her fingers
fidgeting around with the soil on the ground.

It was then we heard the sound of a stomach growling loudly. Lee Gilyoung
frowned tearfully and rubbed his belly.

"I'm starving..."

I grinned slightly and pulled something out from my inner pocket. "Would you
like some dumplings?"

It was my secret stash of dumplings that I made while walking on that
'Dumpling Road'.

Lee Gilyoung warily eyed me but still received a dumpling anyway. He
eventually bit into it. His eyes opened up real wide, his irises trembling
powerfully.

"What the heck?\! This is so much tastier than what I ate back in the
factory\!"

Of course, it was tastier. It simply had to.

\[A portion of the audience members are getting really curious about the taste
of 'Murim dumplings'.\]

I sensed Yoo Joonghyuk \[999\] flinch ever so slightly on my shoulder.

In the meantime, I handed the dumplings over to Shin Yoosung and Yoo Joonghyuk
as well.

The latter frowned and shook his head. "I don't eat food made by other
people."

"Other people didn't make this."

He seemed deeply puzzled by that. Most likely, he had no idea what I was
talking about. He then glared at the \[Murim dumpling\] resting before his
eyes with some suspicion, but eventually made up his mind and cautiously
reached out to it.

And very slowly, so very slowly, as if he was studying his new enemy, brought
the dumpling near his nose.

"...This aroma??"

That's right, eat that damn dumpling, you bastard.

Yoo Joonghyuk continued his pained deliberation over and over again, and in
the end, brought the dumpling towards his lips very slowly. As if he was
tearing into the neck of the enemy commander, he took a small bite out of it.

Lee Gil-Yeoung, Shin Yoosung, and I tensely observed the sight of him chewing
the dumpling. Even the chef \[999\] on my shoulder had stopped moving and
waited for the dude's reaction.

Gulp.

Yoo Joonghyuk finally finished swallowing his initial mouthful, then proceeded
to take another bite. Very, very slowly, the frown on his forehead
disappeared. His lips bobbed up and down in great haste.

The speed at which he consumed the dumpling increased. Second bite, third
bite...

Eventually, his hand reached out to the second dumpling. But then, he flinched
and stopped, and began glaring at me instead.

"What are you looking at?"

I sneakily averted my gaze and began chowing the dumplings as well.

...If I used the \[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint\] here, I might have heard
something much more entertaining just now, but well, I swore not to use that
anymore, so...

"...It's not that bad, I suppose."

I heard Yoo Joonghyuk's nearly-inaudible muttering and quietly looked up at
the sky. The stars of the night sky sparkled as they looked down at us, as if
the destruction of the world was a story belonging to a distant realm.

While chewing the dumpling, I began thinking this for the first time. That I
wouldn't have minded this story going on for a little while longer.

  

* * *

  

\[Deep night has arrived.\]

\['Journey to the West Remake' System will enter one hour of maintenance.\]

The darkness descending was pitch-black. Everyone had fallen asleep.

Sun Wukong used his arm as his pillow and began snoring away, and as for the
pair of Tang Sanzangs, they used each of the Monkey King's legs as their own
pillows to sleep as well. They must've been fatigued by the journey.

However, a shadow quietly stood up, utilising this dead of night where the
messages from the audience members and the judges had disappeared temporarily.

It was Yoo Joonghyuk.

He silently unsheathed \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and approached the
sleeping Sun Wukong.

And very slowly, he pointed the tip of his blade against the sleeping figure.


