### Chapter 93: Ep. 19  Singularity, I

Since it was the first time I came to a dokkaebi's official post, I looked at
some of the documents on the table while Bihyung managed the constellations.

\[Singularity Trend Report\]

...Singularity? The moment I curiously turned a few pages, the documents
disappeared into dust. It seemed to be a database system, not real documents.

Bihyung looked this way.

...What are you doing?

Nothing.

Bihyung saw the powder on the table and looked at me suspiciously. Then he
sighed and opened his mouth.

Hey, are we okay?

Why? Are you regretting it now?

That...you know. The constellations that come out using this method will
quickly leave.

The fallen constellations would return to the Tokyo Dome channel. At that
time, Dokgak's revenge would begin. But that was for then.

Besides, you lied before. What the hell are you going to do? What if the
subscriptions really reaches 10,000? It is already at 5,000.

I shrugged without speaking and Bihyung continued.

Wasn't there a condition for you to not choose a sponsor when you signed the
contract with me? How can you say something like this?

It will work out somehow. You can also break the contract.

I can't do that.

Jerk... I risked my life for you yet you can't do this?

Bihyung's expression darkened.

That...

Indeed, I was a fool to expect anything. I told him,

Don't worry, I have an idea.

...Really?

Yes, so give me my item. Dokgak is gone so shouldn't you hand me the item
now?

Ah, that's right.

Bihyung belatedly manipulated the system. Then after a while, a white coat
descended from the air. The clean design carefully paid attention to fashion
as well as combat function. I took the coat and checked the pocket first.

\[The special 'space' feature of the Infinite Dimension Space Coat is
activated.\]

The advantage of this coat was that I could store various items in it without
the Inventory skill. It was a good item for me since there were many
troublesome items to carry such as the Ganpyeongui, Dongui Bogam and Magic
Power Stove.

"...By the way, it is white unlike the catalogue photo."

\[The other colour is out of stock.\]

Out of stock. How many of these items were there?

\[Don't you know? This is a mass production item.\]

I checked the options of the items.

\[Item Information\]

Name: Infinite Dimension Space Coat ver1.1 \(made by Mass Production Maker\)

Rating: SSS

Description: A customized coat for returnees. Despite being a mass produced
product, it was mysteriously given an SSS rating. In consideration of the
returnees who can't activate the attributes window, the additional 'Subspace'
function can be activated from the inner pocket of the coat. Of course, the
space isn't wide so use it cautiously.

I looked at it again. Only the subspace could be used but it had an SSS
rating? When considering that the ancient dragon Ignitus's heart had an SS-
grade...

\[...Honestly, it is just due to the influence of the maker. He is a powerful
constellation.\]

It made sense. The Mass Production Maker was a famous constellation among
returnees... Even if the rating was a bit off, this was one of the best items to
get early on.

In any case, I received it.

\[Then let's go back.\]

Bihyung flicked his fingers and the surroundings started to change. I blinked
once and returned to ground. Han Sooyoung freaked out and retreated when I
suddenly appeared in thin air.

"Hey\! Where the hell did you go?"

"I had to do something for a moment."

"...Was it resolved well?" Sometimes Han Sooyoung had a habit of speaking like
this without knowing what happened. Was it a writer's ego? I just nodded.

"New clothes? Damn, I'm envious." She gazed at the coat I was staring with
envious eyes and then Yoo Joonghyuk, who was still unconscious. She looked
between Yoo Joonghyuk's black coat and my white coat before opening her mouth.

"By the way, are you a couple?"

"...It is just a coincidence. It is a common design."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is delighted for an unknown
reason.\]

\[A constellation who likes to change gender has shining eyes.\]

...Come to think of it, there were many unique constellations. Who was the
constellation who liked to change gender? Did this constellation appear in
Ways of Survival? I thought I should look through the novel soon.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is controlling the
constellation who likes to change gender.\]

Speaking of which, I decided to look at Yoo Joonghyuk. Fortunately, his
recovery seemed to be going smoothly. His breathing was stable and his wounds
were healing.

"Let's go quickly. Before this jerk wakes up."

Yoo Joonghyuk had fainted with two clenched fists. It wasn't hard to imagine
what would happen if this guy woke up first.

  

* * *

  

I left Gangdong-gu with Han Sooyoung. Yoo Sangah was being carried by Han
Sooyoung's avatar. She was still unconscious from exhaustion.

I had gone back to the battlefield where we fought Antinus but couldn't find
Lycaon. There was no body so he seemed to be alive. I just didn't know why he
didn't come to me. He must be severely injured after being struck by the
hatching disaster.

Han Sooyoung looked back at me and asked, "Is it really okay to leave him?"

"It's fine."

"But that is the Poisoner. Can you trust her?"

The unconscious Yoo Joonghyuk was left with Lee Seolhwa.

"The Poisoner originally isn't a bad person. It is due to the Parasite."

In many episodes where she wasn't infected by the guide, Lee Seolhwa was
called the 'Doctor' rather than the 'Poisoner'. Maybe she would be called that
in this regression.

Take him and go towards Gaebong-dong. In the 5603th military division, a poor
soldier will be waiting for you.

I confirmed Lee Hyunsung's location using Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint and
decided to accept Yoo Joonghyuk's advice. I was arrogant to think I could
raise my colleagues with my strength.

I had a limited time and information, even if I was a complete reader.
Therefore, the best trainer for Lee Hyunsung right now wasn't me, but Yoo
Joonghyuk.

"I'm hungry. Shall we eat that?"

I pointed to a plant growing around a high-rise building.

\[The 7th grade plant species 'Yanaspleta' is looking at you.\]

Han Sooyoung looked at the huge sunflower's eyes and cried out with fright,
"...Can we eat that?"

"We have to eat it because there is nothing else. According to Ways of
Survival, it is quite delicious. It is also a child and easy to hunt."

"Uh..."

Han Sooyoung made a disgruntled expression and soon started to summon her
avatars. We cut off the stems and tentacles of the plant species. The
yanaspleta was shortly disconnected from its roots and closed its eyes.

Once again, I felt like I had become stronger. Even if it was young, a seventh
grade species was handled so easily.

"Han Sooyoung. Are you going to eat?"

"...I don't know."

"Then I'll cook."

I started cooking the yanaspleta like I had read in Ways of Survival. I peeled
off the hard skin of the stem and sprinkled a bit of herb salt that I got from
a nearby grocery store.

The inside contained pinkish flesh reminiscent of seasonal crab meat. Han
Sooyoung's eyes shone.

"What the hell is this? It is a plant right?"

"That's right."

"We are eating a salad?"

"Of course not. I'll burn it."

I roughly cut off a branch of the surrounding tree, turned the yanaspleta
stalk into skewers and put it on the Magic Power Stove. I set the stove to a
medium fire but it took a long time to cook because it was a seventh grade
species. I flipped it around a few times and then sprinkled more salt. After
some time, the smell of grilling meat filled the area.

"Hey, can you smell it?"

"Wait, we can't eat it just yet." I stopped her from reaching into the stove
and handed her a teacup that had been warming up on the side. "Drink this
before eating."

"What is it?"

"Juice from the boiled stem. It needs to be consumed before eating the
yanaspleta."

Han Sooyoung took the cup with a doubtful expression. Then after a while, her
expression became impressed. She drank all the juices and started to cut the
stem.

"Eat slowly."

"...This isn't a joke. You can really cook."

"Maybe only in this ruined world."

I laughed because she looked like a five year old child stuffing her face with
good food.

\[Some constellations who love cooking are curious about your cooking.\]

\[Some constellations who like fast progress and violence are complaining.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' says to keep watching.\]

There was one week left until the start of the fifth scenario. The Burning
Hell disaster and Disaster of Questions had been overcome, making the
development smooth.

Yoo Joonghyuk would take the disaster in the west with Lee Hyunsung once he
woke up while the Wanderer King would handle the north. The only thing to be
aware of now was the 'central disaster'.

I picked up the yanaspleta juice and looked at the still unconscious Yoo
Sangah. "Yoo Sangah-ssi."

Was I mistaken? The unconscious Yoo Sangah obviously flinched.

"I know your mental state right now. Come and eat this."

"..."

"If you don't, I will just eat it."

Yoo Sangah didn't rise. Then I heard a growling sound from her stomach.

"You must be sleeping. Then we will eat this. Ah, too delicious."

"...W-Wait a minute\!" Yoo Sangah cried out and rose from her spot. As expected,
Yoo Sangah couldn't just lie down after smelling the food. She consumed a lot
of stamina so it was natural for her to be hungry.

I glanced over at Han Sooyoung, who was still eating. "Hey. You have eaten a
lot so get up."

"Why?"

"Do you have to ask?"

"...Tsk. You make people feel uncomfortable. I understand."

Maybe Han Sooyoung knew that Yoo Sangah was already awake. She also knew that
Yoo Sangah wouldn't move because of Han Sooyoung's presence. This girl was
really bad.

"I will go around the area once. Don't eat it all and leave me some.
Understood?" Han Sooyoung grabbed a skewer and disappeared into the darkness.

Once she completely disappeared, Yoo Sangah slowly approached. The skewer on
top of the stove made a delicious cooking sound. I gave the skewer to the
hesitating Yoo Sangah. Yoo Sangah accepted it and started biting into it.

Yoo Sangah ate one skewer and barely managed to open her mouth.

"...Delicious."

There were tears in her eyes. Anyone who saw her now wouldn't think she was
that girl wielding the daggers.

"Eat slowly."

The two daggers at her waist showed that her appearance during the daytime
wasn't a dream. It was one month since the destruction began. I felt like
there was a lot of work to do.

Yoo Sangah ate the skewers silently while I also ate while watching her. The
skewers were really delicious. It was as if the taste wasn't of this world...

Yoo Sangah watched the flames blazing from the stove and muttered, "...This is
real."

"Probably."

"Now we can't go back?"

"Yes, probably."

Yoo Sangah's hands faintly trembled. She killed humans with those hands. In
order to live, her hands had taken away the lives of others.

The hand that had been covered in someone's blood now covered her eyes. Her
shoulders intermittently shook. It was probably her last pride that no sobs
leaked out.

"It isn't your fault." I didn't know if my words comforted her or not. I
couldn't see Yoo Sangah's heart. Yoo Sangah started to cry. Tears flowed down
her face and the skewer she was eating fell to the ground.

How much more would she cry? Little by little, her sobs died down.

The 7th grade yanaspleta showed a strong sleeping effect when eaten without
taking the juices.

I looked at her for a while before opening my mouth. "It really isn't your
fault."

These words were for Yoo Sangah.

"So..." At the same time, I spoke words not directed towards Yoo Sangah. "I hope
to find out who you are, how about it?"

In the ruined city, the spooky cries of monsters were heard. It seemed like I
was talking to myself. I watched Yoo Sangah while asking, "Are you going to
pretend?"

"..."

"I don't know why you are watching me but haven't you been doing it for a
while now?"

The white blade of Unbroken Faith shone in the darkness.

"I won't hesitate to do anything to reach my purpose." I pushed the white
blade towards Yoo Sangah's throat. "You better open your mouth quickly. Unless
you want your precious incarnation to die."

From now on, it was a game of chicken. I waited while gradually pushing the
blade towards her throat. The blade was 1cm away from her throat and blood
started flowing. All of a sudden, Yoo Sangah's eyes shone.

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' has offset your mental shock.\]

There was a gust of wind and I was thrown away from Yoo Sangah's body.

There was a menacing presence that made my heart dull. A faint glow appeared
around Yoo Sangah's body. I looked into Yoo Sangah's blurry eyes. Revolving in
the pupils, the shadow of a distant nebula was seen. Then a voice like thunder
burst inside my head.

\[Insignificant human.\]

I wiped the blood flowing from my mouth and grinned. They finally appeared.
The damn constellations of Olympus.


