### Chapter 486: Ep. 92 - Final Scenario, V

Companions all looked dumbfounded after confirming the scenario's details. It
was such an incredibly simple clear condition. As a matter of fact, it had to
be the easiest out of all the scenarios we experienced so far.

All we had to do was follow the Great Dokkaebi's words and climb aboard the
Ark and then, leave this world-line.

"Dokja-ssi..."

\[What are you waiting for? There can't be a better scenario than this one for
you.\]

I heard the voices of the Great Dokkaebis floating in the air.

\[Know that many Constellations opposed you lot being chosen as the 'seeds'.
We chose you even if we had to go against the flow of those stars.\]

Bihyung, his lips pale-blue, was lowering his head amongst his peers.

My head became complicated. Why did the 'King of Stories' suddenly suggest
such a scenario? The me currently couldn't figure it out.

One thing's for sure, though  by listening to their suggestion, the survival
of my companions would be guaranteed.

<Kim Dokja's Company>'s Story would be recorded on the 'Final Wall'. Along
with all the other Stories he hated.

I turned around to find my companions staring at me.

"Everyone."

I tried to say something, but it wasn't easy.

A truly easy path was now available before eyes. If we choose this method,
then we might not even need to resort to our plan.

None of my companions would die, too. And they wouldn't become 'Outer Gods',
as well.

We simply had to get on that ship and cross over to another world-line, and
then, live our new stories as if nothing had ever happened. We just had to
become the rulers of the new world-line with our Stories.

Just like the top gods of <Olympus> and <Asgard>, we'd simply live on while
enjoying all the pleasures the scenario offered in sheer comfort.

"Dokja-ssi."

My gaze met Yoo Sangah's as she looked squarely at me.

However, would we be able to happily live in a big house in that place?

Lee Jihye was grasping the key ring attached to \[Twin Dragon Sword\] tightly,
and...

Would we be able to congratulate Jihye's graduation with genuine smiles?

...Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung were holding onto the ends of each other's
clothes.

Would I be able to go to a PC Bang with Gilyoung-ie and play games with him,
and...

And, go to the Han River with Yoosung-ie and share a pizza with her?

Finally, Yoo Joonghyuk was glaring at me.

Just like erasing the graffiti scribbled on the Final Wall, could we really
pretend that everything that happened to us meant nothing at all?

The apocalypse had begun, and that couldn't be turned back.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is waiting for your decision.\]

Just like how the dead pair of Agares and Metatron couldn't come back.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is observing your decision.\]

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is observing your decision.\]

We couldn't erase the Apocalypse Dragon's second coming as if it had never
happened, and just like how we couldn't change Yoo Joonghyuk's past regression
turns...

Everything that happened in this world was already a part of us.

Han Sooyoung opened her mouth. "Kim Dokja, what are you hesitating for? You
already know what needs to be done, don't you?"

Lee Hyunsung approached me even before I realized it and placed his hand on my
shoulder. As if he knew what I was about to say.

"My thoughts are the same as you, Dokja-ssi."

The Stories we've earned together, and the things that might get left behind,
were all telling our story.

People back on Earth. My mother and the 'wanderers'. Those who shared the
story with us, but not here with us right now.

\[Every Story of the Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company> is now looking at you.\]

\['The Fourth Wall' is strongly vibrating\!\]

Some time ago, the 'Secretive Plotter' said to me this:

When we meet again, I hope you've become the proper master of that 'wall'.

Jang Hayoung possessed the 'Wall of Impossible Communication', while Yoo
Sangah possessed the 'Wall of Samsara' she inherited from Sakyamuni. Agares
and Metatron possessed the 'Wall that Divides Good and Evil'.

And all these 'walls' each possessed a Story that would be written on that
particular wall.

In that case, what is the Story that should be written on \[The Fourth
Wall\]?

\[The Fourth Wall\] said this to me earlier  that I was the 'last' of that
'Final Wall'.

The finale of all these Stories.

For the last time, I looked at my companions before I spoke my piece. I was
trying to confirm whether we were making the wrong choice or not.

I couldn't tell. There was no sure-fire way to figure out the truth. However...

Do what you believe is the best, Dokja-ssi.

Ahjussi, we'll die together when the time comes. Got that?

Rather than the shameful survival, I much prefer the righteous end,
actually.

Their voices gave me courage.

The Story boiling up from the deepest part of my body permitted my true voice
to come out.

\[We shall not be boarding the Ark.\]

It felt as if I could just about see the full stop to a story I had been
pondering for the longest time.

The Great Dokkaebis were staring at me with frozen expressions. Every
Constellation within this world-line was focusing their gazes only on me.

As I felt each and every one of those gazes, this indescribable sense of
freedom washed over me, too.

And at that moment, Kim Dokja realized what the story not written yet in the
'Ways of Survival' was.

I had read every regression turn found in the 'Ways of Survival'. I still
remembered them all. However, there was one part that even I had failed to
read.

The Epilogue.

From the 0th turn to the 1863rd. Every Story that I read was now gathering in
one spot.

The stories from the nebulas flowing within the heavens were being integrated
into this world-line. I sensed the Constellations in the distance making their
moves behind the scenes, too.

Something was approaching here.

\[Do you understand the brevity of what you just said?\]

The Great Dokkaebis were asking me.

Some carried expressions implying that they already expected this outcome,
while some looked quite flustered, instead. Actually, neither should matter to
them  after all, everything was simply 'Story' to these creatures.

Everything was the will of <Star Stream> to them, after all.

\[<Star Stream> is proposing the names for your final Giant Story.\]

\[You can now choose between two proposed 'Conclusions'.\]

1\. Vagabond of the Destroyed World-line

2\. Ruler of the Despairing Starlight

...

The names of the last 'Giant Story' we had completed floated up. I stared at
the choices of 'Conclusion' given to me. Both of them sounded rather
grandiose.

And both of them couldn't contain their story in its entirety.

\[I won't be accepting the Story names you have proposed.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', has rejected all the choices
proposed by <Star Stream>.\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

\[I shall not be completing the 'Conclusion' you're talking about.\]

I slowly unsheathed the Unbroken Faith from my waist. Most likely, this moment
in time had been set in stone as soon as I first grasped this sword.

\[Every Story of the Nebula, <Kim Dokja's Company> has begun their
storytelling\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk unsheathed the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], while Han
Sooyoung undid the bandages off her left hand.

Jung Heewon raised her \[Judge's Sword\], followed up by Lee Jihye grasping
the \[Twin Dragon Sword\] with both of her hands.

Yoo Sangah spread out her lotus pedestal, and Shin Yoosung's Chimera Dragon
began roaring on.

Gong Pildu installed the \[Armed Fortress\] faster than anyone, and I spotted
Jang Hayoung standing at the very top of this fortress while releasing the
Status of a Transcendent.

And finally, Lee Hyunsung stepped forward as if to protect everyone.

They were speaking through their actions. That's why I could tell my story as
well.

\[I shall not let any one of you abandon this world-line. Properly witness the
end of the story you have created. Witness with your own eyes... what kind of an
end awaits for the world of your creation.\]

The Status of the Story exploding forth from my entire body travelled on the
Unbroken Faith and extended forward.

\[Stop this\!\]

The startled Great Dokkaebis also made a move and withstood my Status. I
unhesitantly shot out the second, then the third, shockwaves from the Stories.

\[<Star Stream> is responding to your group's action\!\]

\[<Bureau> is activating the Probability\!\]

Even as the vicious storm of sparks tightened around my body, I didn't step
back. All the Stories we had created together were roaring on under the pain
akin to our Incarnation Bodies being torn apart.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

\[Your Giant Story without a name has begun its storytelling\!\]

What determined a story's 'Conclusion' were the Beginning, the Development,
and finally, the Climax that had come before it. Nothing else besides could
determine what the 'Conclusion' would be like.

I swung my fist towards the sparks before me over and over again. I even threw
the Unbroken Faith into the ripples of the blinding aftermath's storm.

\[Your action has caused <Star Stream> to...\]

\[The possibility of the predetermined 'Conclusion' is...\]

\[?...??\]

The predetermined texts were shattering right before my eyes. The once-legible
words were changing to something illegible as if cloudy dust had settled down
on them.

And when that dust eventually cleared, what I saw next was the utterly wrecked
front hull of the Ark.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!

I was aware of what would happen by doing something like this.

\['King of Stories' is now looking at you.\]

\[The Wenny King is greatly pleased by your action.\]

Even then, this was the best answer I could come up with.

The method of finding the 'Conclusion' not seen before in the original.

The method of saving everyone while resolving the distorted Probability.

Reaching the end of this world through the predetermined 'gi-seung-jeon-gyeol'
was impossible. Because it was simply the template for the predetermined
'Conclusion'.

Meaning, this story wouldn't be able to cross the 'Final Wall'.

And that is why Kim Dokja refused the 'Conclusion' handed out to him.

A giant rupture was being generated in the world.

\[Your actions have crumbled the predetermined rules of the 'scenario'.\]

\[A portion of <Star Stream>'s plot is crumbling away\!\]

\[<Star Stream>'s emergency sequence is activating\!\]

The surrounding view suddenly began changing. I sensed the <Star Stream>
trying its best to shoe-horn me into its own 'Conclusion'.

In the end, everything will become a scenario.

Maybe, the Great Dokkaebis didn't know. Or, maybe they did know, yet had no
choice but to simply carry on. Within this great 'scenario', even the
storytellers would form a part of the scenario itself.

\[<Star Stream> happily accepts your actions.\]

\[<Star Stream>'s Final Story is waking up\!\]

Just like how a scenario happening outside of scenarios would still remain a
scenario in the end; however, if everything would end as a scenario anyway,
then I should be the one to decide which scenario to live in.

So... take a good look.

\[Main scenario has been updated\!\]

"...Dokja-ssi\!"

Companions standing in my near vicinity all stared at me with dazed eyes.

My Incarnation Body was changing along with tingling sensation. And also, the
ominous aura of exclusion rose up above my body, too.

I knew exactly what sort of a scenario this was.

\[Mak-nae-yah.\]

The landscape of war spread out before our eyes.

And opposite us, Constellations were being summoned. Our enemies, and
companions we once fought together, they were all there.

Anna Croft, China's Fei Hu, India's Ranvir Khan, Japanese Alliance's Asuka
Ren, <Olympus> and <Asgard>, and other Constellations from not just <Emperor>
but other large Nebulas were all incarnating under the <Star Stream>'s
Probability.

Every Constellation of <Star Stream> was gathering here.

Stars that kept amassing were burning brightly enough to illuminate the
entirety of the universe. They were illuminating me as if they'd not permit
even a single speck of darkness to exist in the cosmos.

This was the <Star Stream>'s final battlefield.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

This was none other than the 'stage' the 1863rd turn's Yoo Joonghyuk had
fought on  the place where he had faced off against the seething Outer Gods
and their 'Outer God Kings'.

If there was one thing different from back then and now...

The enemy to be fought this time wasn't the 'Outer God King'.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is...\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is...\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', is...\!\]

Indirect messages flooded in among the blinking stars.

I heard Uriel and Black Flame Dragon's true voices, as well as my companions
calling out to me.

The sensation of chaos completely filling up my view caused dizziness to
nearly overtake me. I blocked my ringing, deafened ears while slowly blinking
my eyes.

\[Main scenario has been updated\!\]

<Main Scenario \#99  Enemy of the Story>

Type: Main

Difficulty: Indeterminable?

???\!??...

The scenario message was being restructured in real-time.

Although its content couldn't be seen, everyone instinctively knew.

They knew that, if this scenario ended in failure, the <Star Stream> would be
destroyed.

A short while later, the 'clear condition' everyone's been waiting for finally
showed up. For some reason, I couldn't help but recall a certain sentence from
the 'Ways of Survival' when I read the condition slowly rising up before my
eyes.

There are three ways of surviving a destroyed world.

Companions were shouting something while looking at me.

The author of the Ways of Survival did say this  there were three ways of
surviving this horrible world. Three ways.

I began thinking.

Three ways didn't mean that only three people would survive in the end.

I looked back at my companions and grinned brightly.

  

* * *

  

Clear condition: You must kill the 'Enemy of the Story', Outer God King Kim
Dokja.

Finally, this world's epilogue had begun.


