### Chapter 471: Ep. 89 - Great Apocalypse, V

Mari... time War... God...

The 999th turn's Lee Jihye showed some reaction as if she had finally
remembered her Sponsor.

During the 999th regression turn, the 'Maritime War God' sacrificed himself
to save Lee Jihye.

Perhaps to deny everything that happened during this turn, the powerful naval
bombardment continued on. However, our own Lee Jihye also responded in kind.

All of the Korean Peninsula's Constellations were with Lee Jihye.

The Monarch of the Great Sea  the realm Lee Jihye reached only during the
extreme-latter part of the 'Ways of Survival', well past the 1800th regression
turns.

She reached the highest position that a human could ever reach and leapfrogged
her own Sponsor to eventually become a god of the oceans.

At least when on water, she was confident of not being pushed around by any
Myth-grade Constellations.

She actually said those words, and they even became reality later, too 
during the original storyline, she fought the Myth-grade Constellation
Poseidon on an equal footing, at least when they were on the sea.

"Fire\!\!"

\[Attribute 'Monarch of the Great Sea's' effects are activating\!\]

The storm whipped up from behind Lee Jihye. Waves split up and firestorm raged
on the path she scythed through. It was as if these violent winds were trying
to escort her ship. She stood at the forefront of these winds and carried on
with the shelling.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Ghost Fleet Lv.???' is continuing to fight back\!\]

And then, the giant wall of waves gradually split up.

\[Mo nar ch of the Gre at Sea\]

\[Twotwotwotwotwotwo\]

Even the 'Outer Gods' following that side looked to be flustered now.

The Monarch of the Great Sea will never be defeated on water.

That was the accepted rule within the 'Ways of Survival'. I believed in those
words and that allowed us to come this far. However...

"Keuk..."

Along with 'Pu-shu-shuk\!' noise, streams of blood shot out from Lee Jihye's
nose and mouth. Her excessively-boiling magical energy had begun flowing
backwards. Not only that...

\[Attribute 'Monarch of the Great Sea's' effects are activating\!\]

That message wasn't caused by the Status from our side.

I thought something was rushing in at us, and in the blink of an eye, powerful
headwinds completely flipped our vision. The \[Ghost Fleet\] and \[Turtle
Dragon\] were sucked into the humongous wave and flailed about within the
rising foams.

"Jihye-yah\!"

Lee Jihye was flung away like a kite with its strings cut. I reached out and
grasped her wrist. My magical energy helped her to regain her consciousness,
and she somersaulted in the air before landing back on the deck.

She gritted her teeth and while grabbing the helm, shouted out. "I told you to
run away\!"

"I can't do that."

For the current Lee Jihye alone, this was asking for too much. Even if she had
become the 'Monarch of the Great Sea', our opponent had already attained the
Status of that very title a long time ago and now was even an Outer God, as
well.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

Due to the blessings from the Great Apocalypse scenario, this calamity had
exceeded even the Myth-grade Constellations. That was precisely who we were
confronting right now.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is crying out as if in pain\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is resisting against the
myth\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is revealing itself.\]

Three 'Giant Stories' began telling their stories at the same time.

Since a portion of the Giant Stories' shares was being used by the first team,
we couldn't utilise their full powers here. However, we still had enough to
provoke our opponent.

You are...

Was my goal of using the white flag to stimulate her memories finally paying
off? Certain aspects of emotions carried within her true voice were different
from before.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

\[Character, 'Master of the Sunken Island', is staring at the Giant Story.\]

\['Disconnected Film Theory' is activating\!\]

Finally, the moments I was waiting for had come. Stories built up by two
different Lee Jihyes collided and the disconnected film threads began
connecting to each other.

If everything goes well, we should be able to buy ourselves a bit of time
through this phenomenon. It was then that the scenery before us suddenly
changed.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling.\]

This is the Story of Dokja \(only son\).

\[Please survive.\]

"Ahjussi\!\! Don't\! Stop it\! I said, stop...\!"

These were the memories from when we fought off the 'Indescribable Distance'
for the first time. As if simply recalling them was too painful for her, Lee
Jihye quickly averted her gaze.

...Ah, so she made such an expression back then.

I too could vividly recall those memories.

In order to transport the entirety of the \[Industrial Complex\], I made a
deal with the 'Secretive Plotter' and fought against that calamity.

You are...

However, the expression of the 999th turn's Lee Jihye was crumpling as well.
Another Story unfolded itself before our eyes next.

\[Giant Story, 'Wanderer of the Eternal Horizon', has begun its
storytelling.\]

That was the Story belonging to the 999th turn's Lee Jihye.

The scenery of Seoul, destroyed by Nebulas sneak attacking it, appeared before
us. Next up was the unconscious companions, and finally, the crumbling outer
wall of the castle.

On top of this wall, the one-eyed Yoo Joonghyuk and his lone arm were staring
at the battlefield.

"...This is the only way."

The jet-black aura of Chaos began rising up from his figure.

"Master\! Stop\! I said, stop\!\!"

I knew exactly which scene this was. This was where 999th turn's Yoo Joonghyuk
died.

His soul, now in tatters after the 'Outer World Pledge' he signed with the
Outer God was repeatedly invoked, was making his very last trade.

Seoul was now sinking into the deepest bowels of the ocean.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke. "You must survive."

And then... the 999th turn's memories were scattering away beyond the misty,
grey foams. From the two eyes of the expression girl, the 'Master of the
Sunken Island', something began trickling down. Certain Stories wouldn't
disappear even when subjected to the untold amount of time. Such a Story made
her come this far.

"Ahjussi, isn't that..."

I looked to my side and saw our Lee Jihye also crying.

"Isn't it... too similar...?"

\[Two 'Giant Stories' are responding to each other.\]

Of course, the stories had to be similar.

Kim Dokja believed that the most perfect regression turn was the '999th'.
And...

And, I took that turn as my motif, after all.

That regression turn was the closest out of all the others that came close to
the correct conclusion.

It was the only regression turn where everyone survived and got to witness the
Conclusion.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

As the storm of aftermath raged on, the 999th turn's Lee Jihye was approaching
us. The distance closed in with each step taken. I was getting a bad vibe from
this.

"Ahjussi, hurry and fall back\!"

Our Lee Jihye also sensed the incoming danger and unsheathed the Twin Dragon
Sword before dashing forward.

The \[Instant Kill\]  it was the best anti-human combat skill she possessed.
Unfortunately, the streak of swordlight slicing forward was deflected away in
the empty air as the harsh, screeching noise resounded out. And our Lee Jihye
was flung away across the deck, arcs of her blood scattering about.

"Jihye-yah\!\!"

Lee Hyunsung on standby quickly caught her.

Just as I sighed in relief, the 999th turn's Lee Jihye stopped right before my
nose. Even before I could unshackle my Story and unleash my Status, her pale
yet strong right hand grabbed hold of my collars.

You... Who are you?

...Yup, like master, like disciple.

I could only smile wryly.

In any case, the fact that we could now converse wasn't such a bad
development.

"My name is Kim Dokja. Your master's best friend."

...Best friend??

The 999th turn's Lee Jihye now formed a confused expression. She then began
staring at the Story circling around me.

"Before you start fighting them, you must search the left-side wall. Then,
you'll immediately realize what I'm trying to say to you."

"I'm telling you this now so that you can fight against the 'Sasquatch'
during the 28th scenario."

My Story was now left wide open for her to read.

But, how did you...?

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

...Master?

She must've been beset with confusion, as she used her left hand to massage
her temples. Her eyes were burning with ominous aura.

Ku-dududu...\!

Her grip on my collars was getting stronger. Ripples of her Status tightened
around my body and I began having trouble breathing.

"H-hang on second. Why don't you let me go and...\!"

Mastermastermastermastermaster

Outer Gods flooding in parroted her words. With the most sorrowful language
known to man, they cried out instead of the 999th turn's Lee Jihye. They
sounded as if their vocal cords were tearing apart, as if their whole
existence was crumbling away.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint', is activating\!\]

\[All of your Stories are sympathising with the applicable individual.\]

\[Your degree of understanding on the applicable individual is increasing
rapidly\!\]

Her eyes now reflected the moments we had lived in the past.

From the <Demon King Selection Battle>, to <Gigantomachia>; from the <Great
War of Saints and Demons> to the <Journey to the West>. And then...

\[Story, 'Square Circle', has begun its storytelling.\]

"You can talk to me any time. If you don't want to talk to me, then it'll be
fine with someone else, too. But you don't have to huddle in a corner and let
it fester inside you."

I now could see the face of the 999th turn's Lee Jihye distorting in great
sorrow. Why did that remind me of the 'Secretive Plotter'?

Why, why is it not me, but you??

To the 999th turn's Lee Jihye, the 'Master of the Sunken Island', what did
this story mean to her?

Would she also hate me?

To the lives of this world-line, built upon the history of her and her
companions that I read...

I'm envious.

...What?

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

As if she was looking at something she had been longing for all eternity, the
999th turn's Lee Jihye slowly reached out and placed her palm on my cheek.

Even if it was the same story, the impression one got after reading it would
be different from people to people. Some might despair after seeing the story
he had failed to achieve, while someone else might feel consoled having seen
the sorrow that closely resembled hers. The only issue here would be with
where that consolation effort might go next.

I want to have it.

Her eyes soaked in ancient sorrow suddenly were filled with streaks of
madness. The 999th turn's Lee Jihye slowly turned her head. Her gaze was now
locked firmly on the unconscious Lee Jihye.

I too, want to live this kind of life.

Only then did I realize what this girl was thinking of in her head.

The \[Disconnected Film Theory\] was writhing violently. The 999th turn's Lee
Jihye reached out, and the vicious air current flew out to envelop our
unconscious Lee Jihye. This was dangerous.

\[The Stories of two beings are starting to resonate\!\]

Accompanied by the 'Euh-jeo-jeok\!' noise, the 999th turn's Story began
moving. That Story was now devouring the Story from our world-line. I freaked
out and hurriedly unleashed my Status.

I needed to stop this. No matter what, I must never let the 999th turn's Lee
Jihye devour...

Kwa-dudududu\!

Forged steel broke out from the ship's deck and extended in the blink to
protect both me and our Lee Jihye. It was Lee Hyunsung's doing. However, I
sensed that something was different about the Story's aura coming from the
steel barrier. I shifted my gaze towards him.

Lee Hyunsung was there, but it was not him. Someone had borrowed his body to
unleash his powers.

\[Incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung's' Sponsor is protecting you\!\]

This Status was strong enough to evenly match the 'Master of the Sunken
Island'.

The steel wall was ripped apart with loud tearing noises and the 999th turn's
Lee Jihye poked her head through. As if she had been doused by cold water, her
expression was hardened to a frightening degree.

The first one to open his lips was Lee Hyunsung's Sponsor.

Jihye-yah. Our story had come to an end a long time ago already.

That was the true voice of an Outer God.

And I realized whose it was instantly.

  

* * *

  

At the same time.

Han Myungoh, having purchased another \[X-grade Ferrarghini\] with Coins he
borrowed from Kim Dokja, was hurriedly driving on the dimensional road. His
destination was the sealed-off 'Isle of Reincarnators'.

"Dareum-ah\! If you can hear my voice, please answer me\! Dareum-ah\!"

Han Dareum  that was the name he had given to his daughter. He continued to
wander around all corners of the Dark Stratum and called out that name.

"Dareum-ah\!\!\!"

And eventually, he discovered a familiar hand poking out from in between the
distorted darkness.

He couldn't not recognise that hand. He had never let go of that hand, right
up until she was snatched away by the Demon King.

Han Myungoh held it tightly. And then, he began extracting his daughter's body
from the layers of darkness. It wasn't an easy job, but he couldn't give up on
it.

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

The <Kim Dokja's Company>'s Story he borrowed in order to find his daughter
began to tell its story. And he managed to extract her body bit by bit from
the layer.

Fortunately, her Incarnation Body was intact. Not so fortunately, though, her
heart wasn't beating. However, he had in his possession a single \[Life and
Death Pill\] he got from Lee Seolhwa.

"Dareum-ah\! Please wake up\! It's your dad\! Your dad's here for you\!"

Han Myungoh called out while crying. And so  how long passed by like this?
Finally, Han Dareum opened her eyes. Reddish light leaked out from her irises,
however.

\[...You did well, my dependent.\]

What opened its eyes wasn't Han Dareum.

\[...The 'Guidance of the End' almost came to an end itself during the Great War
of Saints and Demons.\]

The ominous Status of a Demon King could be felt now. Asmodeus formed a crazed
smile, causing Han Myungoh to fall on his butt.

"G-give my daughter back to me\! My daughter...\!"

\[Daughter? H-mm... My apologies, but that will be too difficult. I definitely
need this Incarnation Body. However, allow me to gift you with a nice present,
instead.\]

Asmodeus spoke up to there and pulled out a pitch-black eye patch from its
inner pocket.

\[The qualification to watch the end of this world-line with me, that is.\]

This was an ancient item that had been passed down among the 'Guiders of the
End'. An item that could be used only when the Final Scenario was just around
the corner.

\[Item, 'Relic of the Abyss', is activating\!\]

The 'Other World Incantation' meant to summon the Outer God dyed in the abyss,
the 'Demon of 999'. Asmodeus exploded in a fit of maniacal laughter as it
watched the dimension distort visibly. \[Metatron\! Agares\! Demon King of
Salvation\!\! This story won't end the way you think it will\! This story, it
will-\!"

What the hell is this?

Since when did this happen? There was a man standing behind Asmodeus. He was
enveloped in the jet-black aura, while bandages were wrapped around in one of
his arms.

Han Myungoh watching this scene unfold five, six steps away began trembling
uncontrollably. He recognised the face of this unknown man.

This mysterious man met his gaze and smiled. ...Oh, so you have summoned me?
Hmm... what's this? There's a Demon King here, too? Aha, I get it. This Demon
King was busy bullying you, and you summoned me to save you, right?

\[Oh, the End\! That's not true\! It is I, Asmodeus, that have summoned you
to...\]

Swiiiish\!

The man's translucent hand reached out and grabbed the back of Asmodeus's
neck. And a second later, the Demon King's soul form was captured by the man.

\[Keo-heok...??\]

I don't trust the words of those hiding in other people's bodies.

Asmodeus's soul was then torn to shreds along with the loud 'Pu-hwa-hack\!'
noise. The attack didn't even give the Demon King a chance to resist. The man
licked the tattered Story of a demon and grinned brightly.

I hate Demon Kings the most. They always try to imitate me. I mean, look\!
This bastard, he even had the eye patch that I misplaced somewhere, you know?

The man muttered to himself and pulled the eye patch off Asmodeus's former
Incarnation Body before putting it on himself. He grinned brightly as if he
was satisfied by his own appearance now. Meanwhile, the trembling Han Myungoh
hurriedly hugged the fallen body of his daughter and looked up at this man.

Oii, oii, don't worry, man. I may look a bit scary, but once you get to know
me better, you'll learn that I'm actually a nice guy inside. The man
vigorously tapped on his bandages and spoke up. Well, then... Shall I go and
find my Jihye now?


