### Chapter 465: Ep. 88 - Myth-grade Constellation, III

\[You have become a Great Dokkaebi.\]

\[You can now participate in the Great Dokkaebi's 'Final Ballot'.\]

Bihyung looked at the messages and slowly blinked. His appearance had changed
a lot since meeting the Dokkaebi King. He was now in a complete humanoid
figure like Baram, with the white tiger leather draped over his shoulders and
three yellow horns emanating the powers of Story on his head.

He had now become a full-on 'Great Dokkaebi'.

\[I shall be on my way now, Baram-nim.\]

\[Are you planning to go to them?\]

Bihyung didn't reply.

But Baram continued on, anyway. \[All Dokkaebis must select their own final
stories when the end of times draws near. Even if they could die telling that
particular story.\]

\[...\]

\[The story you're about to select has very low odds of victory.\]

\[I'm aware.\]

\[Not only that, they have made enemies of the Bureau and quite a number of
other Great Dokkaebis, too.\]

\[I'm also aware of that.\]

There was no Dokkaebi alive who didn't know what it meant to become enemies
with the Bureau in <Star Stream>.

\[Even still, I'd like to see the end of this world with that story.\]

Bihyung had chosen his last Story.

  

* * *

  

"Dokja-ssi."

"Have you come out to enjoy your vacation?"

"Don't be like that. I told you, it's not a vacation but a discharge."

"A real discharge, then?"

"Yes." Lee Hyunsung smiled brightly. "I won't be a soldier anymore."

I observed the silvery Story leaking out from his entire figure. When reading
the opening sentences of some novels, you'd get a certain sense of what they
are like, and Stories were similar in that regard.

That resolute silver hue. The unwavering will, tempered through a lengthy
period of time.

Back in the 'Isle of Reincarnators', the One Invincible Fist Yoo Hoseong said
this  in order to rule over certain Stories, you needed to understand it
first. However, just like how it was impossible to fully understand another
human being, it was also impossible to fully understand a Story.

What we can do instead, is to come up with an interpretation of our own.

In that case, this was the answer Lee Hyunsung had come up with.

\[Story, 'Ruler of Steel', has begun its storytelling\!\]

That was the core Story possessed by the 'Master of Steel'. The fact that he
could finally wield it meant that Lee Hyunsung had reached the last phase in
the \[Steel Transformation\].

"I didn't get to write a report, but I still understood why you asked me to
read that book, Dokja-ssi," said Lee Hyunsung before reverting to a more
cautious voice. "Was that perhaps the story from the 999th regression turn
world-line?"

I was somewhat surprised. Didn't expect that he'd think that far ahead.

"I believe that might be the case."

"But then, why was that story transformed into the Wizard of Oz...?"

From my own knowledge base, <Oz>'s founding Story was the Wizard of Oz.
However, the Story forming its foundation had been altered.

Not only that, to a story from the 999th turn, no less.

I wasn't sure what all this meant yet, but still, I could think of something.
The meaning of altering the basis of a Story was quite clear, after all.

\[Sponsor of Incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung' is now looking at you.\]

I might have not noticed the faintly altered gaze if it was in the past. It
was not the same aura of the 'Master of Steel' I knew of. I shifted my gaze
towards the Emerald Tower where that altar was located at. And then, recalled
the large steel sword I saw in the audience chamber.

"Hyunsung ahjussi\!"

Our companions preparing for the enemy's attacks below the tower rushed
towards us.

"Hyunsung ahjussi\! Are you alright?"

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung jumping around grasped the tall, sturdy man's
hands tightly.

Yoo Joonghyuk arriving a step later muttered out. "Looks like you were safely
discharged."

Both Yoo Sangah and Han Sooyoung decided to chime in, too.

"Congratulations on your discharge."

"If you need your squad leader again, just give me a shout."

The last person to rush in was Jung Heewon, who was getting ready to fend off
the enemy's attacks in the farthest location. She stopped about a dozen meters
or so away, and while her lips twitched, she kept staring in this direction.

Lee Hyunsung smiled at her. "Heewon-ssi."

I began wondering if I should make my exit from here about now. But the person
who solved that dilemma was a completely unexpected person.

"Hey, you lot\! Do your emotional reunion later\! It's not over yet, you
know\!"

Lee Jihye shouted out as she summoned the \[Turtle Dragon\] in the air.

She was right. The Nebulas outside the planet hadn't withdrawn their battle
line yet. No, rather than retreating, an even higher number of battleships
were actually showing up now. Among them were dreadnoughts exclusively
designed for destroying planets and inter-Nebula warfare.

"Do not worry. I won't leave them alone." said our trustworthy Lee Hyunsung as
he stepped forward.

For sure, they were still bombarding us on the outside, but <Oz>'s barrier was
holding firm. Like I said before, the strength of Master of Steel's Story
inside <Oz> would almost match a Myth-grade Constellation's...

Chiieeeek...

A rather ominous-sounding noise could be heard coming from somewhere. A foul
smell akin to something burning wafted out.

I raised my head to discover that a side of the opaque barrier was being
ignited in the shower of blinding sparks as if it was being welded open.

Something was melting down Lee Hyunsung's forged steel.

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun', is staring at the planet <Oz>.\]

Right then, I sensed Lee Hyunsung's body stiffen up greatly. He had covered
the whole planet for us, so no doubt he was currently fully exposed to the
Status of that gaze. Even if he was almost on the level of a Myth-grade
Constellation, that still didn't mean he was equal to one.

I placed my hand on his shoulder. His trembling lessened a little after
receiving a share of the Nebula's Probability. One shouldn't fight alone just
because he had gotten a little bit stronger. Because we were a Nebula, just
like them.

"...Looks like a real bigshot has personally made an entrance."

I knew of the Modifier of 'Midday Sun'. Now normally, that guy should never be
able to come here.

It was the top Constellation of the Nebula, <Papyrus>. And the meaning of him
coming here personally could only be...

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun', has revealed its intention to <Star Stream>.\]

...That he no longer wished to hide their true intentions.

\[Nebula <Papyrus>, has revealed their animosity towards Nebula <Kim Dokja's
Company>.\]

\[Two Nebulas recorded as the candidates for 'One Single Story' are
clashing\!\]

The expressions of the companions hardened after receiving that never-before-
seen message. Something was about to get underway.

\[Nebula <Papyrus> has declared inter-Nebula warfare against Nebula <Kim
Dokja's Company>.\]

It was exceedingly rare in <Star Stream> for a great Nebula to officially
declare war against another. Because inter-Nebula warfare would never lead to
a good result for all sides involved. There must've been a reason for them
declaring one right now even though they knew the truth.

\[Conditions to activate the restricted main scenario has been satisfied\!\]

\[Applicable scenario will be issued only to the Nebulas recorded as the
candidates of 'One Single Story'.\]

<Main Scenario \#98  Candidate Selection War \(restricted\)>

Type: Main

Difficulty: ???

Clear condition: All Nebulas recorded in the 'One Single Story' can now freely
engage in inter-Nebula warfare. It's possible to declare war without any
penalties, and alliances and request for support between other Nebulas are now
fully allowed.

Emerging victorious in the Candidate Selection War will ensure that you
receive <Star Stream>'s attention, and your odds of being selected as the 'One
Single Story' will improve.

Time limit: -

Reward: Increase in the Nebula's profile. Acquisition of Myth-grade Story
related to inter-Nebula warfare.

Failure: Reduction in the Nebula's profile. Qualification for the Final
Scenario rescinded.

...I knew it.

\[Currently, your Nebula is in war with <Papyrus>\!\]

\[Please defeat the enemy camp's leader.\]

\[You will be accredited with victory points if you win the applicable
warfare.\]

Visibly-tense companions quickly gathered around me. Hostility incomparably
heavier than any other we felt in the past was enveloping the whole planet.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation' is glaring at Nebula <Papyrus>.\]

We had fought large Nebulas a couple of times in the past.

Back in <Gigantomachia>, we fought against <Olympus>, and during the Journey
to the West Remake, against <Emperor>.

However, the story this time was completely different.

The restrictions on the Probability during <Gigantomachia> were so great that
Constellations couldn't really exercise their full powers, while during
Journey to the West Remake, the Great Sage Heaven's Equal and the members of
judging panel lent us their powers and their Probability.

So, what about now?

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', has begun its storytelling.\]

Was there any Nebula that might help us now?

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling.\]

Companions were now looking at me.

They all looked to have made up their minds. Their eyes were proof that they
knew what was about to happen and where our new battlefield was.

"Let's go."

No one would come to help us.

I looked up at the sky and spoke. "We're not weaklings anymore. Please open
the sky, Hyunsung-ssi."

Lee Hyunsung nodded his head.

\[Incarnation 'Jung Heewon' is requesting the activation of 'Hour of
Judgement\!\]

Jung Heewon unsheathed her sword first. The \[Judge's Sword\] was enveloped in
the auras of God Slaying.

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Hyunsung', has agreed with the judgement.\]

Lee Hyunsung's forged steel was placed on top of the companions' equipment.
This was the world's toughest 'oath' to protect his precious companions.

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye', has agreed with the judgement.\]

The silver-coloured Story metal settled down on Lee Jihye's \[Turtle Dragon\].

\[Incarnation, 'Shin Yoosung', has agreed with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Gilyoung', has agreed with the judgement.\]

The Chimera Dragon too was dyed in the silvery hue; the monster roared out and
carried the two kids into flight.

\[Incarnation, 'Yoo Sangah', has agreed with the judgement.\]

Lotus pedestals also reinforced by silver-coloured steel began rotating all
around Yoo Sangah.

\[Incarnation, 'Han Sooyoung', has agreed with the judgement.\]

Han Sooyoung had unwrapped the bandages off her arm before anyone noticed it,
and tied her hair with the very same bandages.

\[Incarnation, 'Yoo Joonghyuk', has agreed with the judgement.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] carrying the Status of a
Transcendent began emitting cold sword light next. And...

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', has agreed with the judgement.\]

And I unsheathed the Unbroken Faith.

\['Hour of Judgement' will now activate\!\]

The moment the pitch-black night sky opened up, we all boarded Lee Jihye's
vessel and leapt towards the heavens above.

The enemy's armada grew closer. We grasped our individual weapons as we faced
off against an armada at least 600 ships strong.

This was the spectacle that Kim Dokja had been longing to see for a very long
time.

Jung Heewon was the first to dash out and her sword attack rained down. The
strongest swordswoman of Chaos that I know of was Jung Heewon the Judge of
Destruction.

Ku-gugugugu\!

A dreadnought was penetrated cleanly through from its cockpit right down to
its engine bay, and explosion noises resounded out. Soon, explosions both
large and small erupted out from all over its hull as cracks spreading all
over it. We got to see the Constellations riding on it hurriedly make their
escape.

Not missing that opening, Lee Jihye's \[Turtle Dragon\] began its violent
assault.

BOOOOOM\!

Our vessel broke through the explosions, emerging unscathed. Lee Hyunsung's
Story metal had protected everyone.

Lee Jihye stepped forward. She was the greatest Incarnation there was when it
came to large scale warfare, capable of destroying hundred-plus enemy ships
with only one vessel.

The Naval Admiral Lee Jihye ordered the shelling to commence.

"Ahjussi, we're going, too\!"

Following on the cannon fires, Shin Yoosung's \[Chimera Dragon\] also took
flight, as well.

The leader had to be brought down first to end this warfare. So, as we had a
small number of participants, there was only one choice we could make, really
 an all-out blitzkrieg.

Shin Yoosung the Beast Lord, and Lee Gilyoung the Insect King. Two of the most
complete tamers that I knew of carved out a path for us. \[Chimera Dragon\]
under Shin Yoosung's control fired the Breath to accurately strike down mid-
sized enemy ships, while Lee Gilyoung's insects crawled through any open gaps
found to deal with dozens of smaller vessels trying to rush in at us.

"Stop right there\!"

Insects crawled into the engines of smaller vessels and caused a series of
huge explosions, thrusting the battlefield into pure chaos instantly.

Perhaps thinking that this couldn't go on anymore, Narrative-grade
Constellations began crawling out from the battleships one by one.

\[Incarnation, 'Yoo Sangah', is unleashing her Status\!\]

\[Story, 'Hour of Mandala' is activating\!\]

The moment Yoo Sangah activated her Story, the movements of the enemy
Constellations slowed down visibly.

That shocked me. I was already aware of her inheriting a portion of
Sakyamuni's powers, but didn't expect her to wield this much of an authority
over it... An ability to control the flow of time itself?

"I can't continue this for long," said Yoo Sangah.

"It won't take that long."

Taking advantage of the time she bought for us, Yoo Joonghyuk, Han Sooyoung
and I ran on the night sky.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring' is continuing on with its
storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth' has begun its storytelling\!\]

The two Giant Stories that protected <Kim Dokja's Company> until now; we had
been using these two as our main attack power so far. The aura of the Stories
stretched on like the tail of a meteor. The space we flew past was engraved
with sparkling stars.

We had already broken past countless battleships, yet hundreds of
Constellations were still blocking our path. If we cowered even for a moment
here, their Status would force us back and crush us to death with sheer
pressure.

\[Nebula 'Papyrus' is unleashing the Giant Story's Status\!\]

And so, this was the fight between two Nebulas.

"It's my turn now."

Originally, the Delusion Demon Kim Namwoon should have been where Han Sooyoung
was now. However, not only had she performed that guy's role admirably, she
had become an existence far surpassing him.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness' has begun its storytelling.\]

Finally, our third Giant Story began telling its story, as well. The distant
cry of the Apocalypse Dragon could be heard like an auditory hallucination. We
saw the <Papyrus>'s Constellations that participated in the Great War of
Saints and Demons tremble in fear.

\[T-this is...\!\]

The heavens split into two, one in light and the other in darkness, as Stage
Transformation was activated. Han Sooyoung's figure soared higher as she
stepped on the blurred boundary between the light and darkness. The wings of
'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' spread out wide behind her back.

Just like back when she swooped in to rescue me, purple-coloured \[Black
Flames\] were raging on both of her fists.

Kwa-aaaaaaah\!

We rode on the storm of the Story and advanced forward. This was the
overwhelming splendour of a Giant Story that not even the Narrative-grade
Constellations could contend with.

We advanced forward like the Apocalypse Dragon's shockwave. But then, a
gigantic sun stepped in to block us.

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun', is staring at <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

A lone pitch-black figure stood in the center of the blinding ball of light.
That was the Sun God Ra's true body.

\[You shall all die here today.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] roared on with a vicious howl.

Every Story we possessed also howled and roared on. Even if it was just us two
fighting together, facing off against a true Myth-grade Constellation was
still asking a lot.

After all, we were only in the 3rd turn, so... Hang on, 3rd turn?

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity' has begun its storytelling\!\]

It was like that once upon a time.

\['Reading together' has begun.\]

Afterimages of pages flipping past entered my eyes. As the hellish landscape
filled up the surroundings, my story began. On the road created out of
countless letters  Yoo Joonghyuk ran on his lengthy lifetime.

The 41st turn's Yoo Joonghyuk threw a spear, and

The 362nd turn's Yoo Joonghyuk extended his sceptre.

The 999th turn's Yoo Joonghyuk wielded his Demon Sword.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Violent sparks began digging into my body.

\[Your Status can't handle your Reading Comprehension\!\]

For a brief moment during the 'Journey to the West', I managed to read up to
the 1863rd turn. But that was only possible because the Great Sage and Outer
Gods lent me their Probability.

\[This is the true myth.\]

Even after taking on Yoo Joonghyuk's falling \[Breaking the Sky
Swordsmanship\], Ra didn't even budge.

\[You cannot surpass the true myth.\]

The minimum regression turn of Yoo Joonghyuk needed to bring down a Myth-grade
Constellation was 1700th.

I lacked power and lacked in Status. However, I didn't back down. "No, we can
surpass it."

Because we still had one more Story up our sleeve. The fourth Giant Story we
earned by clearing the Journey to the West Remake.

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones' has begun its
storytelling\!\]

In the next moment, an abundant amount of a Story's Probability permeated into
my entire being. The Story that the Great Sage and Outer Gods worked together
to create was now roiling about over the contexts of my star and <Kim Dokja's
Company>.

\[<Star Stream> is greatly surprised by your Status.\]

\[<Star Stream> is currently reassessing your Status.\]

Stinging bloody odour stabbed into my nose. The Tongtian River dyed in red
from the corpses of Outer Gods appeared around us.

The sparks trying to drown me gradually lessened. The pages of the Hellscape
began flipping past once more.

...1321st turn.

...1582nd turn.

...

...

And eventually, 1701st turn.

Yoo Joonghyuk moved, his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] now loaded with the
power from the 1701st regression turn.

The 'Yoo Joonghyuk' from then that cut the oceans apart, destroyed the sun,
and carved out the Myth-grade Constellation Poseidon's heart, was now opening
his eyes.

And this is the sight Kim Dokja longed to see for a very long time.

We could see Ra freak out and belatedly unleash his own Giant Story. I stared
straight into Ra's eyes. That bastard's lips were mouthing, "But, how?"

I laughed.

"What do you mean, how?"

In order to kill a Myth-grade Constellation, you needed a power that equalled
one.

The Myth-grade Constellation  existences that started their 'One Single
Story' and had earned their 'Conclusion', or compiled their own incredible
Giant Stories and reached the cusps of their 'Conclusion' that way.

\[Absolute majority of Constellations are greatly shocked by your Status\!\]

\[Your Status has caused the Constellations from great Nebulas to...\!\]

Just like me right now, in other words.

\[<Star Stream> has announced your new Status.\]

\[Your Status is Myth-grade.\]

A stupendous boom resounded out as Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly Demon
Sword\] cut Ra's sun down.


