### Chapter 532: Epilogue 3 - Author's words, I

My thumb slowly extended and touched the cold screen.

Right at that moment, something like a spark danced just above the display.

\[A new file has been downloaded.\]

 Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World \(final revised version\).txt

In that short time period, the name of the file had changed.

... The 'final revised version'?

I clicked on the file almost subconsciously.

But, why was this? The file had been scrolled almost all the way down to its
bottom-most section from the get-go. It felt as if the edits had been finished
only a few moments ago. Without thinking too much about it, I scrolled down
even further.

Did the 'epilogue' of the 'Ways of Survival' get added at the end, the one I
didn't get to read?

The file continued on from the point where the original novel came to an end.
It was a story that I hadn't seen before.

I unconsciously began reading it out loud.

Epilogue 3. Author's words

Each regression turn would reach their conclusion in their own terms.

It was the same story for the 1863rd turn.

\[You have cleared all the scenarios of <Star Stream>.\]

She did it. Countless sentences brushed past her head the moment she saw that
message.

The 'Dokkaebi King' was collapsed on the ground before her eyes, and the
companions from the 1863rd turn she had led were all here, too.

"Captain\! We won\!\!"

Kim Namwoon was sobbing away nonstop. Only after spotting Lee Hyunsung walking
in closer to support her did it feel real to her, that she had finally done
it.

This was the end of the 1863rd turn.

What a long battle it had been.

From when she of the 3rd turn was suddenly summoned to the 1863rd, all the way
to greeting the suitable end of this world.

She nearly gave up several times in the middle, though. Even then, the reason
why she didn't was because of what 'that idiot' said back then.

"Going to the next scenario is better than sleeping forever."

That idiot, who also came from the same 3rd turn as her.

The man who wore the same coat and used the same weapon as her.

"The Apocalypse Dragon being freed doesn't mean everything's over. You know
it too, don't you?"

That idiot who ruined her plan, freed the Apocalypse Dragon, and eventually,
managed to even eject Yoo Joonghyuk from the scenario, too.

Even now, she could vividly recall the scenes from those moments by closing
her eyes. The scene of a 'Character' breaking past his story and gaining his
freedom...

"Captain, we did it. We really did it\!"

Lee Hyunsung could barely hide his joy. Han Sooyoung killed the lit cigarette
in her hand and addressed him. "Support everyone and return to base."

"What about you, cap...?"

"I'll be right behind you after smoking one more. So, go on ahead."

"...We can't do that\!"

...This slow dude, why was he so quick on the uptake now?

Han Sooyoung glanced at the Archangel standing next to Lee Hyunsung.
"Jophiel."

The Commander of the Red Cosmos, Jophiel, the Archangel that crossed to this
world-line together with that idiot from the 3rd turn.

\[Let's go, meat shield.\]

"No, hang on a minute, captain\!"

While lighting up her very last cigarette, Han Sooyoung watched on as the
Archangel took her companions back to Earth. The companions from the 'Ways of
Survival' were getting further away. She saw how they kept shedding tears of
satisfaction derived from successfully clearing all the scenarios and could
only smile wryly.

Jophiel, her wings spread out wide, glanced in Han Sooyoung's direction as she
grew further away.

 Are you planning to go alone?

Instead of a reply, Han Sooyoung waved around her cigarette light.

And then, after all of her companions had disappeared, she slowly looked
behind her.

The Final Wall.

The wall that blocked the end of this world-line, and also, recording
everything found within this universe.

Han Sooyoung was aware of this wall's existence, and not only that, she knew
how to open it, too. She got to take a peek at a few scenes while connected to
the 3rd turn's Han Sooyoung, and more importantly, information she got from
Kim Dokja paying a visit to this world-line proved to be the crucial key, as
well.

\[The 'Wall that Decides Samsara' has discovered its intended position.\]

Han Sooyoung began slotting in the \[Walls\] she had gathered ahead of time
into their spots.

\[The 'Wall that Divides the Good and Evil' has discovered its intended
position.\]

\[The 'Wall of Impossible Communication' has discovered its intended
position.\]

However, she was still short of one fragment.

Throughout the entirety of the universe, only one guy possessed this fragment
 \[The Fourth Wall\].

Han Sooyoung silently stared at her own hand, before slowly placing it against
the last open spot on the wall.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has begun its storytelling.\]

She certainly didn't possess that \[Wall\].

Even then, shouldn't she be able to craft a fragment similar to that, somehow?

\[Story, 'Ultimate Lie' has begun its storytelling\!\]

Han Sooyoung began squeezing out every Story she could imagine.

She had witnessed the actual form of \[The Fourth Wall\], just once. She
definitely saw a portion of that wall when it blocked her attempt at using the
\[Eye of Truth\].

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', is being pushed to its absolute limit\!\]

Her fingers moved rapidly and began writing a Story  a Story of the wall that
she came up with. The one single story that might be the basis of this wall.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut...\!

"I'm Dokja."

Kim Dokja\(\). My father wanted me to become a strong man even if I was
left alone so he gave me such a name.

Right next moment, Han Sooyoung's hand submerged into the wall.

Next up was her arm, shoulder, head, and her torso... And eventually, her entire
figure sank into the wall.

\[The 'Final Wall's system' is surprised by your Story information and...\]

\[Temporary error has occurred in the system\!\]

Han Sooyoung fought back against the rising vomit and felt around the ground.

She did it.

She managed to infiltrate inside this stinking wall unscathed.

The first thing she saw after raising her head was a small room. There were
quite a few bundles of packed luggage, and several small display panels
decorating this place.

She was familiar with the Story coming out from those panels.

Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', has reached his .

'Demon King of Salvation's'  is 'Eternity'.

That was the conclusion of the 3rd turn. That idiot had also cleared the
scenario of his world-line to its very last, in other words. And at long last,
he had decided to become this world's sole reader.

In the world without the scenarios  filled with only the desire to see the
next story... A certain child, possessing a truly horrifying power of
imagination.

He'd continue to become smaller, and eventually become this world's
subconsciousness. And with that, he'd continue on with this neverending story.

The 1863rd turn's Han Sooyoung could tell. If you ask her how she knew, well,
she just did.

'Even I would've chosen that conclusion, after all'.

This world existed for the story.

Even Yoo Joonghyuk's story, even Kim Dokja's  in the end, they were all
simply 'stories' marching forward towards the one true completion.

Han Sooyoung stared at the subway train travelling further and further away
inside the screen. For a long while, she wordlessly stared at this universe's
god journeying towards the world that no one would ever remember.

And then, a few steps in front of her, there was a certain existence staring
at the same screen while dabbing away its tears with a handkerchief.

\[Hiii-eeek?\!\]

"So, then. You are the true 'Dokkaebi King' aren't you?"

\[...How did you manage to enter this place?\]

The Dokkaebi King her group definitely killed outside was standing completely
fine before her eyes.

Han Sooyoung unsheathed the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and asked. "I was
wondering why you were so weak. Okay, so. Why didn't you fight us seriously?
And what exactly have you been doing in here?"

\[Uh-uh. Hang on a second. The scenarios are already over. I don't have any
thoughts of fighting you.\]

It was true, she couldn't sense any fighting intentions from the Dokkaebi King
as it hurriedly waved both of its hands.

Its eyes gleamed as it observed the sparks faintly dancing around Han
Sooyoung's entire figure. Its irises were fixed on the \[Final Wall\]
suffering from error.

\[You repaired the 'Final Wall'...? What a shocking talent that is... Just who are
you? Your soul is... it's like the amalgamation of various talents.\]

"What were you planning by using such a puppet? Are you looking down on this
world-line?"

\[Hu-hut, what do you mean, looking down? Every world-line is precious. It's
just that... This world-line has lost its meaning now. Its most important Story
had come to an end just now, after all.\]

While saying that, the Dokkaebi King shifted his gaze back to the panels.

Han Sooyoung quietly roused up her Stories, but the King simply snickered back
at her. \[What are you getting so angry for? Regardless of what, the story of
you and your group has concluded safely, didn't it?\]

"Don't ever mess with this world-line's conclusion."

The moment she said that, the scenes from the 1863rd turn popped up on the
panels.

Lee Hyunsung and Kim Namwoon were supporting each other. The backs of her
companions were captured in a wide-screen shot.

\[Ah, of course, I won't. It's not even an important world-line, anyway...\]

Han Sooyoung saw how the Dokkaebi King shrugged its shoulders in total
disinterest, and felt this powerful sense of futility.

Was this how the story of this regression turn ends?

Was it really okay to end it in this fashion?

\[And besides... the new 'Oldest Dream' would not wish to see such a thing
happen, anyway.\]

After hearing that, Han Sooyoung looked up at the empty air above without even
realizing it.

The 'Oldest Dream'.

The 'Kim Dokja' she knew had become one such existence.

Which meant that the current him might be looking at this spectacle, somehow.

\[You think he will reply to you because you looked up like that? Your world
has people who believe in their chosen deities. But, did those gods ever
respond each and every time their believers called out to them?\]

"This and that aren't the same."

"Well... You can think of it any way you want. Anyways, this one would like to
'abscond' from here, so can I leave now?\]

"Where are you planning to go?"

\[Since this world-line's story has ended, I should go to another place, don't
you agree? I've been working hard all this time, so... Well, there's this place
I really wanted to visit since from a while ago, and...\]

"Oh, so you wish to run away all the while abandoning the scenario, just like
that?"

\[Why didn't you get born in a world-line with an honest, hard-working
Dokkaebi King, then?\]

Han Sooyoung frowned deeply and emitted waves of energy once more. "Hey. I
clawed and fought my way to get here... So, shouldn't you give me some kind of a
clear reward or something?"

The 'Dokkaebi King' spat out a long sigh. \[Well, fine. Granting one wish
shouldn't be so hard.\]

"...I want to meet that idiot."

Almost immediately after saying it, Han Sooyoung couldn't believe what she had
done. Why did she blurt that out, of all things?

"Because you are also there."

"I believe in 'you' of the 3rd turn."

She wasn't sure what this frustration in her heart meant.

Just that, meeting that guy again might help her understand what she felt so
frustrated about, or so she thought.

The Dokkaebi King tilted his head. \[When you say that idiot, you...\]

Han Sooyoung pointed to the panels with her chin.

The Dokkaebi King jumped up in shock and roared out. \[Are you freaking blind
or something?? That great one is no longer an existence the likes of me can
ever meet.\]

"I don't care if it's a version of him from another world-line. I also don't
care even if he's a version who hasn't seen the end yet, too."

Kim Dokja couldn't be seen anymore within the panels.

"I want to meet that idiot one more time."

\[There is only one of him in this universe.\]

Since the Dokkaebi King was being so adamant, it could only mean that her wish
was truly impossible.

But then, the creature stared at the downhearted Han Sooyoung and opened its
mouth with a sly look on its face. \[...Well, actually. There is a way to make
your wish come true.\]

"What was that?"

\[Now normally, that world-line is forbidden from entry, but I've memorised
its coordinates while the new 'Oldest Dream' was ascending to his position...
However, the 'Oldest Dream' in that place will not recognise you.\]

Han Sooyoung's expression brightened as she asked. "Where is that place?"

\[It's the place I wanted to visit originally. I've always longed to go there
at least once when this universe's great epic came to its conclusion.\]

While saying that, the Dokkaebi King raised both of its hands up high in the
air. The aloof universe of <Star Stream> was unfolding up there.

The Dokkaebi King looked up at that view with a solemn expression and
addressed her. \[Aren't you curious? Where did this universe start from, who
crafted these intricate galaxies of Stories, who created this thing called
'scenario' in this world  just who is responsible for perfecting the world of
pure contradictions where the result gives birth to the cause, and the cause
becomes the result??\]

Han Sooyoung finally figured out the Dokkaebi King's true aim.

This guy, it was trying to head towards the world-line where this universe
actually began.

The world where the 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World' began.

"You...\!"

The universe where tls123 was.

\[I'm going there to meet my god. If you want, I'll let you tag along on my
journey\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchchut\!

Along with the deafening roar, the storm of Probability's aftermaths
powerfully rampaged between her and the Dokkaebi King. As she got sucked into
this wall of pain akin to her soul being ripped into tiny shreds, she briefly
caught the Dokkaebi King's grin.

\[Let's meet again after making through this alive, shall we?\]

That was the last memory Han Sooyoung could remember of the 1863rd turn.

  

* * *

  

"Heok\!"

She shot up from her bed; the time was two in the morning. Her entire back was
soaked in sweat. The second hand of the clock continued tick by.

...Was it all a dream?

Han Sooyoung ungainly got up. The sensation of soft, luxurious duvet wrapped
around her limbs  for some reason, this bed felt alien to her. She drank the
water located on the bedside bureau, entered the adjoining bathroom and
switched on the light. The orange lightbulb illuminated the darkness and her
figure was reflected on the mirror.

Her neatly-trimmed hair that had grown all the way down to her shoulders. The
beauty spot that seemed to get even more pronounced when she narrowed her eyes
 this was undoubtedly her own face. Indeed, it really was, yet...

"...What the hell??"

Suddenly, it felt as if her heart was tightening up.

\[You have entered the 'First World-line'.\]

She dashed outside the bathroom. Plastic figurines were displayed on the
dressing table alongside the volumes of manga. She also spotted the familiar
school bag next to the bed. Eventually, the darkness within this house no
longer felt foreign to her. Her trembling hands opened the school bag, only
for the textbooks within to tumble out. Neatly-written words could be seen on
the cover of one of those books.

 Han Sooyoung, student no.2, classroom 2, sixth year.

Han Sooyoung had become a 13-year-old girl.


