### Chapter 71: Ep. 15  A Kingless World, I

The last king's test. It was an extreme trial that had to be overcome with
your body only.

The floor of Gwanghwamun was a mess. The Absolute Throne was in the center
while the kings were fighting each other.

King of Beauty, Min Jiwon.

The Maitreya King Cha Sangkyung.

Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk.

Then the middle-aged man in the corner... He was the Neutral King. The Neutral
King raised his hands as he met my eyes.

\[The Neutral King has abstained from fighting for the throne.\]

As the name suggested, the Neutral King wasn't greedy for the throne. Only the
remaining three were greedy.

One of the three was Yoo Joonghyuk so the fight should've ended in less than a
minute. At least, if it was the original story.

"Die\!"

Maitreya King Cha Sangkyung's leg split apart the air while Yoo Joonghyuk's
kick struck Cha Sangkyung's abdomen.

"Kuk\!"

However, Cha Sangkyung wasn't as damaged as expected. It was because all stats
were changed to level 10. The skills were sealed so Yoo Joonghyuk had to win
the battle with just his flesh memories.

Min Jiwon looked behind them and saw me. I nodded slightly at her.

"We meet again."

"...Yes. I didn't want to fight you if possible."

Min Jiwon must've filled the other king's qualifications if she came to this
place. It was great. I honestly didn't think she could survive until the end.

"If you don't abstain, I will attack."

"Try it. Do you think it will be easy?"

We have to fight with all our stats at level 10 with no skills or no stigma.
It was too shabby compared to the kings who broke the city while fighting a
while ago.

There was a loud noise and Cha Sangkyung screamed, "Cough\! W-Why...?"

Cha Sangkyung rolled around painfully on the floor after being struck by Yoo
Joonghyuk's fist. It had been an equal fight until then but something was
changing little by little.

Skills and stigmas couldn't be used but Yoo Joonghyuk's attacks were getting
faster and harder. It wasn't merely Yoo Joonghyuk's combat sense.

Min Jiwon became surprised as she noticed.

"...How?"

If I remembered correctly, Yoo Joonghyuk knew the loophole of the last phase.
Maybe these messages were currently rising in Yoo Joonghyuk's mind.

\[400 coins have been invested in physique.\]

\[400 coins have been invested in agility.\]

\[400 coins have been invested in strength.\]

The funny thing was that this battlefield controlled everything except for one
factor. It was the use of the coins.

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' questions the fairness
of the scenario.\]

The intermediate dokkaebi laughed.

\[Haha, what is your question? It is a natural right to be able to use coins.
The 'coins' are the hard-earned work of the incarnations. They worked so hard
to gather coins that they should have a chance to use it.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk was raising his stats using his coins.

\[Oh, the stats increased with the coins will be reset after the scenario is
over. So be careful\! It is like throwing away coins into the air\! Hahaha\!\]

Min Jiwon and Cha Sangkyung's complexions darkened once they heard the words
of the intermediate dokkaebi. Perhaps they didn't have much coins remaining.
It was natural. They wouldn't be able to save coins in the battlefield between
kings.

But Yoo Joonghyuk was different. Yoo Joonghyuk grew by breaking through all
types of hidden scenarios from the beginning and always carried an appropriate
amount of coins in reserve.

The original third round Yoo Joonghyuk had around 30,000 coins at this point.
Now he had more coins than the original story so... it should be around 40,000?

There was the loud sound of somebody being hit and Cha Sangkyung's body flew
through the air.

\[The Maitreya King Cha Sangkyung is out of combat.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk looked at the nearby Min Jiwon. She jumped with surprise and
hurriedly raised both hands.

"...I will abstain."

\['King of Beauty' Min Jiwon has abstained from the battle.\]

Finally, Yoo Joonghyuk turned towards me. His angry eyes calmed down. It was
understandable. If he took the Absolute Throne, he could control all kings and
it wouldn't be a problem to get his sister back from me.

But would that happen?

"Yoo Joonghyuk."

We aimed out swords at each other. I couldn't use any skills so I had to rely
on my flesh memories and my stats.

For the first time, Yoo Joonghyuk's blade was visible. It must be a fake. He
was estimating my stats and how much coins I had left.

He was truly a prudent person. It was a trick to win by investing the minimum
amount of coins.

However, his pride would cause his defeat this time. It was because there
wasn't any king in Seoul who had more coins than me right now.

\[Coins Possessed: 80,850 C\]

Who would think that I had 80,000 coins? I laughed at Yoo Joonghyuk who was
running towards me.

"I'll hit you gently so please don't die."

Now was the time to spend big. I invested a large number of coins into
'strength'.

\[4,000 coins have been invested in strength.\]

\[Strength Lv. 10 -> Strength Lv. 20\]

\[5,000 coins have been invested in strength.\]

\[Strength Lv. 20 -> Strength Lv. 30\]

\[6,000 coins have been invested in strength.\]

\[Strength Lv. 30 -> Strength Lv. 40\]

.

.

\[11,000 coins have been invested in strength.\]

\[Strength Lv. 80 -> Strength Lv. 90\]

\[12,000 coins have been invested in strength.\]

\[Strength Lv. 90 -> Strength Lv. 100\]

\[72,000 coins have been consumed.\]

\[Your 'strength' has broken through the limits of a human.\]

\[The achievement has been processed\! You are the first to achieve a three
digit level in strength.\]

\[30,000 coins have been acquired as a reward.\]

I adjusted the power in my fist. A strike containing 100 strength was
enormous. It would be difficult if I accidentally killed Yoo Joonghyuk.

I felt the space around my fist bend slightly. According to Ways of Survival,
all stats had different destructive power from the moment they broke through
the three digits.

How did it feel? Of course, it felt like I was a killer. It felt like my fist
was holding a check for a billion won.

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes widened as he hurriedly used coins. However, it was too
late. There was a sound like a sonic boom.

Yoo Joonghyuk shot into the sky like a baseball being hit by a bat.

Unfortunately, it was impossible to hit a home room in this stadium. The
flying Yoo Joonghyuk hit a barrier, bounced in the opposite direction and hit
another barrier and landed on the ground after repeating this ping-pong action
five or six times.

...Surely he wasn't dead? I ran towards Yoo Joonghyuk with a bit of confusion in
my heart.

Damn, why did I do this? I should've used a bit less strength. I carefully
pulled Yoo Joonghyuk off the ground. Then.

Ah, this was a main character. Yoo Joonghyuk was staring at me with wide open
eyes. He was still conscious despite being hit by a punch filled with 100
strength?

"...Yoo Joonghyuk?"

"..."

"Joonghyuk?"

"..."

His eyes didn't move. This bastard, did he faint with his eyes open? Did I hit
him that hard? No, I would have to keep hitting Yoo Joonghyuk in the future.

"Well, you will be in trouble if you keep acting as usual. How can you say
you'll kill me every time you see me?"

I slapped his swollen face. Somehow, I felt his eyes move whenever I hit him,
causing me to feel nervous...

In any case, he was breathing. The bones in his body were broken and he was
bleeding...

It was a situation where he couldn't use the Recovery skill so his life could
be in danger.

I had to do my work quickly.

\[Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk is out of combat.\]

\[Congratulations\! You have passed all the tests of the Absolute Throne.\]

The ward in the air slowly disappeared.

\[The temporary stats added by the coins are reset.\]

\[All constraints on the kings have disappeared.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has his hair standing up
from excessive carbonic acid.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' applauds your actions.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' admires your patience.\]

\[4,500 coins have been sponsored.\]

I also heard the messages of the historical-grade constellations.

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' is regretful.\]

\[The constellation 'One-eyed Maitreya' has thrown away his eyepatch.\]

\[The constellation 'Founder of Hannamgun' feels a grudge towards you.\]

Of course, the kings of the three kingdoms blamed me. Thanks to me, they
missed an opportunity to jump to the 'narrative' grade.

\[...Oh, a surprising winner has appeared.\]

The intermediate dokkaebi looked somewhat dissatisfied. He hadn't expected me
to win. Yet I had won.

\[Well... good. This is the result. Now, I am informing all incarnations of
Seoul. Just now, a new owner of the Absolute Throne was born\!\]

I stopped the intermediate dokkaebi who was about to launch the system
messages.

"Wait a minute."

\[...What do you want?\]

The dokkaebi's eyebrows twitched.

"You are too hasty. I haven't even sat on the throne yet. Shouldn't you ask me
first?"

\[You will go up now so does it matter?\]

I approached the Absolute Throne. At this moment, I felt all constellations
observing the Seoul Dome focus on me.

The Absolute Throne floating in the sky slowly descended towards me. It showed
off its golden charm like it had been waiting for me for a long time.

I asked the intermediate dokkaebi, "What can I do with this?"

\[You can do anything to humans.\]

It was short but scary.

\[The Absolute Throne is just the name of the item. As long as you sit on the
throne, you can become an omnipotent power. No one on this earth can stand
against you and everyone will bow before you\!\]

The people looked at me enviously after hearing the dokkaebi's explanation.

It was natural to envy me. Everybody had run to this place for this reason.

\[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' is licking her lips.\]

Even the constellations...

It was really pitiful and strange. They felt envious despite knowing the real
identity of the item. I really disliked the constellations.

"Is that all?"

\[...Huh?\]

"It is so good that it's ridiculous. I will enjoy absolute power on the land
that I control."

\[Isn't it right to receive a reward in return for suffering? How many times
have you almost died due to the throne...?\]

"Ah, so the throne can act beyond the constraints of plausibility?"

\[What?\]

"You are good at lying. Aren't you a dokkaebi? Won't the Bureau say something
if you scam me like this?"

The expression of the intermediate dokkaebi hardened. On the other side,
Bihyung was looking at me with a pale face. \[I am tired of this talk.

I have to finish the scenario. Now sit on the throne. If you talk nonsense one
more time, I will break the Absolute Throne.\]

"...Ah, you can do that? Then go ahead."

\[Huh?\]

I looked at the dokkaebi and the people staring before opening my mouth.

"I will never sit on this Absolute Throne."

A terrible silence swept through Gwanghwamun.


