### Chapter 509: Ep. 98 - Have you protected all that you were supposed to
protect, II

The Dokkaebi King's brows quivered. The Stories from the 999th regression turn
were now looming before him.

The Stories discarded by <Star Stream> had begun telling their stories one by
one. They were waking Yoo Joonghyuk up from the depth of 'regression
depression'.

The 'Dokkaebi King' frowned deeply next. \[Why are you here? Did you not make
a deal with me? You don't have a pretext to help him.\]

Sentences began floating up above the \[Final Wall\].

We made a deal with the Dokkaebi King, you see? If we destroy this world-
line, he will send us back. He will get in touch with your Sponsor, the
'Oldest Dream', and...

Those were the words of the 999th turn Lee Jihye.

The 'Dokkaebi King' spoke once more. \[It was I who summoned you all to this
world. Do you wish to be cast out of the world-line again? I ask you, do you
wish to taste the everlasting pain while wandering the horrifying gap between
dimensions without an end in sight?\]

His words continued on as if to threaten them.

\[This 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is the enemy you've been searching for. He's the very
culprit who destroyed your world-line, the one who thrust your Stories into
misery.\]

There was a slight hint of agitation on the expressions of the 'Outer Gods'.

The 'Dokkaebi King' was right; just like how it was with Yoo Joonghyuk, they
too came this far to settle the score from the world they used to live in.

It was then, someone opened his mouth.

What dogshit are you yapping on about? It's you, asshole, who dropped us into
this damn game, isn't it? If the scenarios didn't start in the first place,
would I even be standing here doing this shit?

The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', 999th turn's Kim Namwoon spoke with a
thuggish attitude. As if he had already finished making up his mind, truly
incredible power of Chaos was being unleashed from his entire figure.

\[Giant Story, 'Delusional Design', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Keuh-euh, it's been so long since we fought together.

Kim Namwoon cackled as he undid the bandages from his hands.

He was a monster that even surpassed his own sponsor, 'Abyssal Black Flame
Dragon'. His pitch-black obsidian hand, filled to the brim with thicker, more
evil aura than anything Han Sooyoung could ever produce, began sucking in the
<Star Stream>'s night.

\[Giant Story, 'Heart Sealing the Sorrow', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Right behind him, there was another man raising his huge figure up as well. It
was the 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung, the 'King of the Silver Heart'.

The completed 'Story metal' armour wrapped around his entire figure.

Dokkaebi King, I'm excluded from that deal since I have never agreed to it.

Next up, the 'Master of the Sunken Island', 999th turn's Lee Jihye summoned
her gigantic battleship up in the air.

\[Giant Story, 'Wanderer of the Eternal Horizon', has begun its
storytelling.\]

The atmosphere of the great ocean could be felt from her Twin Dragon Sword.

...

She wordlessly unsheathed her sword and protected Yoo Joonghyuk's right side.
With that, the kings' decision became clear.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint', is forcibly activating\!\]

Their thoughts and determination were being transmitted to me in full.

They all hated the 'Secretive Plotter'. However, that hatred was born out from
the deep-seated yearning they all held.

No one treasured 'Yoo Joonghyuk' as much as them in any of the universes out
there.

It was all thanks to Yoo Joonghyuk that they got to reach this far. To make
sure they would reach here, the 999th turn's Yoo Joonghyuk sacrificed
everything of him.

His arm was cut off, his legs were torn off, he lost both of his eyes, and in
the end, he even sacrificed his life, too.

It was Yoo Joonghyuk who saved them, and killed them.

They only lived for Yoo Joonghyuk; how could people like them ever forget
about him?

The wrath that had to be chained within the sinking island, the sorrow that
could only be endured after turning your heart into steel; the pain that could
only be forgotten by throwing yourself into the abyss.

\[Giant Story, 'Flame of Eternity', has begun its storytelling\!\]

And the ache that could only be appeased by burning oneself away. They
repeatedly connected the film that threatened to be cut off at any time, and
eventually reached the final pages of the story.

Step aside, Dokkaebi King. We only want one thing. The 999th turn's Uriel,
the 'Living Flame', spoke up. And that is to witness the 'end' we didn't get
to confirm back in our world-line.

At the end of her words, the \[Flames of Conflagration\] moved.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

The \[Hellflame\] that utterly devastated the N'Gai's Forest was now burning
the interior of the Wall. Almost at the same time, the right hand of the 999th
turn's Kim Namwoon stabbed into the Dokkaebi King's thigh.

Hahaha\! Let's kill a Dokkaebi for a change\!

Kim Namwoon's madness-filled Stigma sliced past the time and space, destroyed
Stories, and aimed at the Dokkaebi King's figure.

The two exchanged the exact amount of Stories during their attacks and
defenses; weapons created from the delusion grew out of Kim Namwoon's right
arm, while Star Relics summoned by the 'Dokkaebi King' appeared from several
spots of the Wall and blocked off the former's weapons.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

The \[Final Wall\] was the location where the Dokkaebi King's Story could
display the greatest level of power. With the stage being what it was, the
direction of the battle soon flowed disadvantageously for Kim Namwoon.

Oh, the spear that rips the oceans apart and draws the borders in the seas.

Oh, the arrow that shot down the eye of the sun.

Sentences leaking out from several spots on the Wall soon became reality.

Shu-shushushuk\!

The Star Relics matched the Dokkaebi King's signal and flew in, turning the
entire figure of the 'Monarch of the Great Abyss' into Swiss cheese; a spear
stabbed into his thigh, while the arrow pierced into his arm. However, even as
the pitch-black Story dripped out from him, Kim Namwoon was grinning.

Go\! Taekwon Hyunsung\!

Along with Kim Namwoon's cry, a figure taking the spot behind him rose up.

Kwa-dudududu...

It was the 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung. His powerful, sturdy arms wrapped
tightly around the Dokkaebi King, then forged steel occupying the space grew
out from his entire body. As the powerful sparks exploded, the steel tightly
secured the Dokkaebi King's arms and legs.

Jihye-yah\!

At the end of the 999th turn Lee Hyunsung's signal, the 'Master of the Sunken
Island', made her move.

Load the cannon.

A massive battleship floating in the night sky could be spied within the
Wall's gap created by the impact with the ark. Along with a powerful whirlpool
swirling about, something was being loaded in front of the ship. The Status
emitted from there was more than enough to blow up a planet in its entirety.
When taking a closer look, it was not a shell that had been loaded into the
gigantic cannon.

Fire\!\!

And while issuing a huge explosion noise, a shooting star fired out from the
ship. It was the 'Living Flame', descending like a star with a blindingly
bright tail behind her back.

She had willingly become a bullet and now, was flying straight at the
'Dokkaebi King'. The 999th turn's Uriel shot forward in a shocking turn of
speed while melting everything getting in her way. The 999th turn's Story
concentrated on the tip of her sword began burning up violently.

It's not only the Supreme King that have killed you before.

This was the method the 999th turn's characters used to clear the final
pages.

The incandescent sun shattered the Wall's exterior and advanced forward.
Stories clinging onto the Final Wall writhed in pain from that incredible
heat.

This was the attack that no one in this world-line could possibly defend
against.

Yet, the 'Dokkaebi King' was doing exactly that against such an attack.

Creaaaaaaaaak-\!\!

The Dokkaebi King's eyes glowed sharply under the hellish heat.

Ah, aaaaaaah\!

Countless Stigmata engraved on his body screeched out. They were texts
seemingly taken from the \[Final Wall\]. Giant Stories began directing their
exaltation towards them.

Even the Stories in my possession were getting agitated, as well.

The Modifier 'King of the Stories' was not just for a show.

The 'King of the Stories' that existed at the peak of <Star Stream>. His face
looked noble, evil, beautiful and sorrowful all at the same time.

Once upon a time he too was a human.

The weapons pouring out from the \[Final Wall\] collided with the \[Flames of
Conflagration\], and...

He was a demon.

The ash-coloured Story leaking out from the Dokkaebi King's horn stopped the
approaching Uriel's movement.

He was a saviour, and...

The divine light emitted from white wings restored the Dokkaebi King's
stamina.

And eventually, an existence that became a Dokkaebi.

The unending Stories began enveloping him. As if, this world couldn't end in
this place.

This place was not the 999th turn.

I sensed the 999th turn's characters now shifting their gazes in my direction.

Now, make your move.

You must be the one to finish it.

You haven't forgotten your promise with us, yes?

Unfortunately, I couldn't move.

\[Giant Story, 'Guardian of the World', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Guardian of the World', is now looking at the next
Guardian\!\]

Because the Dokkaebi King's Story was also looking directly at me.

\[...Kim Dokja\!\!\] The Dokkaebi King shouted in my direction. \[Do not go
against your predetermined destiny. You love the Stories more than anyone in
this world. I too was like you. I understand the feelings you have towards
this world better than anyone in this universe\!\]

The Story extending from his body reached out towards me.

Han Sooyoung next to me covered my ears and growled angrily. "Don't listen to
him. It's not even worth it hearing him out."

Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung stood before me, while Yoo Sangah, Shin Yoosung,
and Lee Gilyoung stood around me to protect me. And from behind my back, the
howl from Lee Jihye's sword resounded out.

\[All the stars in the Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company> are shining brightly\!\]

However, there were some things that would become more visible the harder you
tried to obscure them. Some words would become clearer the more you tried to
cover them up.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint', is going out of
control\!\]

\[Black Flame Dragon\! Black Flame Dragon\! Goddammit, open your eyes
already\!\!\]

\[Kim Yoo-Shin\! Wake up\! Our Hwangsanbeol is not yet...\]

\[Great Sage\!\]

Those were Stories streaming on the \[Final Wall\].

Constellations were collapsing on the battlefield where an even fiercer battle
than ours was taking place. Stories were endlessly leaking out from the Great
Sage's body, now tattered to resemble a torn rag. As if he had lost both of
his eyes, his once-blinding 'Golden Gaze Fiery Eyes' were currently not
emitting any light.

\[...I can't see my maknae all that well.\]

Uriel was supporting him. The Archangel with both of her wings torn off held
his hand and stroked the nightscape.

\[He's alive. There he is, still shining.

The Constellations still doggedly surviving until now rushed towards them from
among the chaotic night sky.

The scene then changed to show Persephone embracing the fallen Hades. He was
trying to say something, but she simply shook her head.

\[Do not worry, my ancient night.\]

<Olympus>'s sun was setting above her head.

All these endings became wretched sentences and rushed above the Wall. These
sentences were being written only for the purpose of finishing them off.

\[Do you not wish to save them?\]

I felt vomit rising up from the deepest part of my body.

The 'Dokkaebi King' shouted out. \[The current you can't save them. The one
who loves the story can never change that very story.\]

Can't change it, because you loved it.

\[Only the one who overcomes the story, the one who understands the trivial
nature of everything, can escape from the suppression of the Probability.\]

The surrounding storm of aftermaths was growing even more vicious, accompanied
by the 'Kka-gagagaghk\!' noise. The power of the Stories flowing out from the
'Dokkaebi King' was gradually overwhelming the combined might of the 999th
turn's characters.

The Dokkaebi King tore off Lee Hyunsung's Story metal and extended his hand in
my direction.

\[The 'One Single Story' you have compiled is more than enough to inherit the
position of <Star Stream>. Take my hand. What you want is the same as what I
want. I do not wish to see the stories of those stars be erased.\]

His voice even sounded desperate, too. The light in his eyes and his Story all
acted as proof of his sincerity.

The <Star Stream>'s Story glowed brightly from his figure.

The story he had been reading for a long time had eventually become a part of
him.

He was now the <Star Stream> itself.

He genuinely didn't want this story to end.

\[Continue with... this story. Become the protagonist of a new world-line, and
along with the Story you have created, continue the banquet of the 'Oldest
Dream'. You are the existence born solely for that purpose. You were able to
reach this far, only for that purpose\!\]

While listening to those words, I began recalling all the lucky moments that
happened to me so far.

\[<Star Stream> is looking at you.\]

Why was the <Star Stream>'s Probability so generous towards me?

The Dokkaebi King's Story was telling me the reason for that. The lights
continued to explode before my eyes.

\[Do not forget what you truly want. You're not the 'last verse'. No, you're
the 'Eternity'\!\]

The Constellations' Stories streamed behind the Dokkaebi King.

He was right. I didn't wish for those stories to end.

The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal watched the falling star and sensed his own
approaching demise.

I slowly turned my head around and saw Yoo Joonghyuk, now almost freed from
the 'regression depression'. His seemingly-empty eyes were locked on me.

However, there were some stories that had to end.


