### Chapter 338: Ep. 63 - End of the Myth, V

At this time, all 'temporary bureau' members set up for the 60th scenario were
looking at the same screen. The battle between myth-grade constellations was
transmitted in real time. From low-grade to higher grade dokkaebis, they
gathered regardless of their grade, forgetting their own channels scattered
around various regions.

Hades vs. Poseidon.

In the past few years, the number of times constellations fought such a bloody
battle could be counted on the fingers of one hand. Of course, there were
cases of powerful constellations confronting each other but as always, it was
about the story of the battle.

A battle to defend their successors. Hades made a surprise declaration, when
he didn't have a successor for thousands of years, caused the constellations
to explode.

\[The vast majority of constellations are enthusiastic about the battle
scene\!\]

The vast majority. Even the advanced dokkaebis like Bihyung had never seen
such a cluster of constellations.

\[The demon king 'Ruler of the East Hell' is enthusiastic about the battle\!\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Principles' is burning with the motivation to
participate in the scenario.\]

\[The constellation 'Saviour of Corruption' is watching the battle with mad
eyes\!\]

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is looking at the battlefield with
terrible eyes.\]

The rumour spread quickly and the constellations started to gather together,
no matter if they were good or evil.

\[The constellation 'Great Mother God Who Created Man out of Earth' is
watching the battle.\]

\[The constellation 'God King of Thunder' is interested in the war of
Olympus.\]

\[The constellation 'Founder of Reincarnation' is rejoicing.\]

From the nebula Emperor to Vedas and Goddess Island. The constellations of
China, India and Ireland were gathered together to observe the battle of myth-
grade constellations.

The subscribers of the channel skyrocketed and the bureau was busy capturing
the remaining probability to sustain the scenario and maintain the channels.
There was no way the bureau could miss such an opportunity.

As the balance slowly tilted, the reaction of the constellations became
hotter. It was predicted that one myth would end here today. In the place
where one myth fell, a new story that never existed would bloom like a flower.

Unlike the other dokkaebis who were full of excitement and passion, Bihyung
was in a state of uneasiness.

'...That bastard, what the hell is he doing?'

On the screen, Kim Dokja was moving. Giant Soldier Pluto was holding the Steel
Sword who had been heated up. The steel sword shone like a giant torch in the
sun of ancient Greek.

Dokgak opened his mouth. "Crazy. They're trying a sacred torch relay."

All the dokkaebis were streamers. A curious dokkaebi asked Dokgak. "A sacred
torch relay? What is it?"

"Do you know the torch that burns with flames in the myths?"

"I know."

"The sacred torch relay is the ceremony of 'peace' and 'victory'. They are
declaring that they will end this war through that fire."

After Dokgak's explanation, the dokkaebis opened their mouths.

"Crazy. Joining that battlefield now..."

The Demon King of Salvation was also famous among the dokkaebis. The master of
the new nebula, Kim Dokja's Company. The beloved demon king of archangels, the
rule of the 73rd Demon Realm. A 'returnee' who survived the fight against the
Indescribable Distance, received the favour of an outer god and even crossed
to another world.

"Even if it is him, this time..."

"He is a foolhardy man."

In the middle of this, one dokkaebi was laughing. "Haha, hahaha..."

It was Bihyung. Some of the dokkaebis looked puzzled but Bihyung continued to
laugh. He had a thought.

Perhaps none of the dokkaeb is here would understand his feelings. The members
of Kim Dokja's Company who carried the torch of revolution. They were
perceived as moths flying towards the flames.

However, he knew the stories they had accumulated. The difficulties given to
them had varying sizes but they were always in the realm of 'impossibility'.

"Yes, this is Kim Dokja\!"

Bihyung watched the constellation drawn by Kim Dokja's Company and was
reminded of a history not long ago.

The first time he met Kim Dokja on the subway. The moment he made the
exclusive contract with Kim Dokja, who was weak but calm.

The stories piled up like snowflakes. There was something unbelievable. It was
something he saw for the first time. A trivial human who built up his stories
and became a constellation, finally reaching the starting point of A Single
Story.

Streamer Bihyung had watched it all.

Dokgak opened his mouth. "He will fail this time."

"Maybe so."

"You are composed. Isn't this the constellation you contracted with?"

"He used to be but not anymore."

Bihyung laughed. He didn't know if Kim Dokja's strategy would succeed or not
but strangely, he had a streamer's hunch. Kim Dokja's story wouldn't end here.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has expanded\!\]

Along with the system messages, the dokkaebis' eyes widened. A golden train
was flying through the sky. It was Surya's golden train.

"That...\!"

If they were told about what would happen in the 60th scenario, who would've
believed it?

"If it is this... Maybe...\!"

The cooperation between humans and gods. A Single Story, the torch of
sanctification was leading the way to success. The train descended like a
yellow dragon and the dokkaebis gulped.

Why? They watched the reckless, absurd and impossible challenge. Yet why were
the streamers' hearts burning?

Perhaps Dokgak was right. The attack might fail and this nebula might become
dust in the Star Stream. Nevertheless.

\[The great dokkaebi 'Halong' is watching the 60th scenario.\]

\[The great dokkaebi 'Holong' is watching the 60th scenario,\]

\[The great dokkaebi 'Baram' is watching the end of the 60th scenario,\]

At this moment, all dokkaebis were thinking the same thing.

 I also want to make such a scenario. 

The story of the constellations was growing on the grounds of the scenario.
The constellations who grew up eating the stories dreamt of another story.
This was the power of the Star Stream.

The overwhelmed Bihyung exclaimed, "They\! They are the ones I raised\! Do you
all know?"

What made a good story? What scenario was a good scenario? There was no
dokkaebi who knew the answer. If anyone knew, it would be the Dokkaebi King.

However, the dokkaebis knew one thing. It was the fact that perhaps their king
would also be watching this story.

  

* * *

  

The head of the falling train finally crashed into the waves. The surprised
Poseidon's eyes widened. The status of the narrative-grade constellation
advanced and entered into Poseidon's waves. Even so, the walls of the waves
were still rough and thick.

"Next is me."

 The woman who dreams of another apocalypse is staring her story. 

Han Sooyoung moved along the edge of the train and released her bandages to
create black flames.

Han Sooyoung's formidable black flames took the form of a dragon.

She had already reached such a point. The shape of the dragon moved forward
and tore through the waves.

Lee Jihye followed.

 The wounded swordsman raised her sword to protect her relationships. 

The key ring on Lee Jihye's sword shone as she raised it like a commander. At
almost the same time, a fleet appeared on the wall of waves. The Ghost Fleet
fired through the passage made by the black dragon.

Poseidon called his flagship as Yi Sunsin's bombardment prevented the waves
from filling back up.

However, Poseidon couldn't afford to worry about this. Hades had regained his
momentum and aimed for his neck with the scythe of the Underworld.

Behind the bombardment, Giant Soldier Pluto took a sprinting posture in the
rear of the train.

Shin Yoosung declared, "Depart, ahjussi\!"

The inertia of the train added to Pluto's speed. The wind attribute of the
chimera dragon amplified the speed even further.

"Go, Dokja hyung\!"

Along with Lee Gilyoung's cheer, Pluto started the dash. Pluto held the Steel
Sword in both hands while Jung Heewon supplied hellfire to it.

"Haaaat\!"

Lee Hyunsung bellowed and Pluto flew through the sky.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is continuing the story\!\]

\[Giant Story 'Supreme Ruler of the Open Seas' is continuing\!\]

Stories and stories clashed and Pluto's gloves were torn off. Kim Namwoon
screamed with pleasure despite the pain.

 The steel giant, who returned from hell, swung his sword. 

 The flames of hell burned up the steel. 

The sword that burned with hellfire and the stories of all the other members.
The flames of the torch vaporized many water walls at once. The myth-rated
barrier, that seemed impossible to penetrate, was being broken.

Beyond the broken waves, the defenseless Theseus could be seen. In the
situation where victory was in front of his eyes, Pluto didn't move. The world
shook like it was reversed and I vomited up blood inside Pluto.

In the meantime, Poseidon had thrown Triaina and it pierced Pluto's waist. It
was the exact place where I was riding.

"Dokja-ssi\!"

Jung Heewon's voice was faintly heard.

\[The power of the star relic 'Triaina' is fatally injured your incarnation
body\!\]

\[The status is a power you can't afford\!\]

\[The giant soldier 'Pluto' has offset some of your shock.\]

This was the majesty of a myth-grade constellation. It could trample on a
narrative-grade constellation like me as if I was a worm.

The waves had been pierced but the flames of the torch were cooling down. Lee
Hyunsung seemed stunned and Jung Heewon's magic power was almost running out.
The waves were showing signs of recovery again.

Poseidon was still relaxed as he dealt with Hades. There was a faint smile.
Maybe he thought he won. Towards that Poseidon, I laughed. As always, the
protagonist was the last to attack.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Behind the torch that was dying out, a man in a black coat was running with
everyone's stories on his back. The surprised Poseidon created a water spear
but Red Phoenix Shunpo quickly avoided it. Some spears that couldn't be
stopped pierced Yoo Joonghyuk's thighs and shoulders.

\[The item 'Giant's Armour' is effective\!\]

The armour that contained the power of the giants barely protected Yoo
Joonghyuk from the sacred spears.

One step, two steps, three steps.

As the number of spears that stabbed it increased, the Giant's Armour started
to crumble. Then it shattered. With 10 steps left, Poseidon's status rushed
towards Yoo Joonghyuk.

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened. This was a power that a regressor of the
third round couldn't afford. Just a bit more. Just a little bit further.
Theseus was right in front of our noses.

 Kim Dokja. 

Yoo Joonghyuk in my vision became a bit blurry. I knew from the beginning that
it was unreasonable. It wasn't possible for Yoo Joonghyuk to go to the place
where Theseus was located.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

Then what if he wasn't the 'third round?'

\[Your blurred consciousness has been partially liberated from the constraints
of your body.\]

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 3 has been
activated\!\]

Once again, the landscape I saw had changed.

\[The 1st person protagonist's point of view has been activated\!\]

It was the very landscape that Yoo Joonghyuk saw.

 Kim Dokja? 

Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts seemed confused. Poseidon's spear was moving. I felt
time slowing as I turned over the pages of Ways of Survival in my head.

The third round couldn't finish this. However, I eagerly imagined what would
be possible someday.

\[The story 'Hell of Eternity' has begun.\]

The 4th round, the 5th round, the 6th round... the 41st round... the 56th round...

\[This round can't be understood with your Reading Comprehension.\]

Pain came over me and my bloodshot eyes seemed like they were going to
explode. The explosive stories were a mess in my head. Still, I didn't give
up.

\[The Fourth Wall is protecting your spirit\!\]

\[Your 'Reading Comprehension' is moving towards new possibilities.\]

\[The pages you can't read are opening\!\]

Countless curious eyes were on us. They weren't constellations. Yoo Joonghyuk
muttered,  This... 

The 'Yoo Joonghyuk' of the other rounds were watching us. Some looked envious
while others had gloomy expressions. Finally, there was one with an expression
of intrigue.

 Interesting. 

I quickly moved through the pages and reached the maximum I could turn over
now. Thus, I finally used the future ahead of me.

\[You have reached the maximum number of rounds you can read.\]

\[The maximum number of times you can read 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is up to the '362nd
round'.\]

The 362nd round Yoo Joonghyuk. This was the last card I could bring out. The
362nd round Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't strong enough to kill Poseidon. In order to
do that, the number of regressions must be 1,700 times.

\[Thanks to the influence of 1st person protagonist's point of view, the
talent of 'Yoo Joonghyuk' of this round is passed onto others.\]

\[The talent of '362nd round Yoo Joonghyuk' is attracted to 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

However, the 362nd round Yoo Joonghyuk was strong enough. It was because the
362nd round Yoo Joonghyuk:

 "It has been a while, Poseidon." 

It was the Yoo Joonghyuk who fought against Poseidon for the first time.

 "At that time, I killed your son." 

Poseidon's furious roar was head. The 362nd round Yoo Joonghyuk moved inside
Yoo Joonghyuk of the 3rd round. It was a stance that he took a million, ten
million times.

 "This is Palm Boxing." 

Yoo Joonghyuk's Breaking the Sky Force Punch break through the final barrier
and pierced Theseus' body.

\[Pluto was raising his body in the seawater. I asked him while nodding
towards Yoo Joonghyuk, "Can you pick up two people?"\]


