### Chapter 235: Ep. 44 - Swindler, III

From the next day onwards, Yoo Joonghyuk was absorbed in training with the
Breaking the Sky Sword

Saint.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint kept maintaining a serious expression from
the moment she heard her clan could be found. Yoo Joonghyuk knew her heart but
devoted himself to meditation instead of comforting his teacher.

'Originally, I was going to meet the ancient giant gods in person but...'

In any case, it wouldn't be bad to leave it to Kim Dokja. Yoo Joonghyuk
would've had to pass through 40 scenarios in order to meet an ancient giant
god if he followed his original plan.

'That guy, I didn't think he would have such a relationship with the
Underworld'.

Kim Dokja really had unknown corners. How the hell did he succeed in charming
all those constellations...

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is laughing.\]

Just look at this archangel. The Demon-like Judge of Fire wasn't such a
constellation during the second round. She was a strict and lofty archangel
full of justice. Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't understand why such an existence was
so ruined this time.

"Are you really thinking about participating in the competition?"

Yoo Joonghyuk nodded silently at the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's question.

"You might die. The competition scenarios are never easy."

"I am much stronger than I was at this point of time in the last round."

"It isn't at a level to deal with the 10 Grand Masters."

Yoo Joonghyuk was well aware of the 10 Grand Masters of Murim. One of them was
the Ice Flower Goddess whose techniques were sold by the previous merchant who
welcomed visitors. There was also a grand master from the Namgung Family, a
distant relative of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. They would appear when
the martial arts competition opened.

In addition, the martial arts competition was a commodity so he had to
consider the incarnations of famous constellations participating.

\[Some constellations are looking forward to the martial arts competition.\]

\[Some constellations are tired of the martial arts competition.\]

Fortunately, the stronger constellations were tired of these scenarios. As a
scenario that repeated every year in Murim, there weren't many constellations
paying much attention to the martial arts competition.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint read Yoo Joonghyuk's heart and opened her
mouth. "You have to open transcendence stage two."

"I've opened it before so it won't be difficult."

"It is different from breaking through stage one."

"I will do it somehow. I've already reached stage three in the last round."

"...Stage three?"

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's eyes shook. The third stage of
transcendence wasn't a step that could be reached with talent alone. It took
an enormous amount of 'time' to pass through the third stage. On the other
hand, Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't have experienced such a large amount of time in
the last round...

Yoo Joonghyuk understood his teacher's question and replied, "I used a time
fault in the Dark Dimension."

A time fault in the Dark Dimension. It was often called the 'cemetery of
Murim'. There were two types of Murim people who went to that place. In that
prison of enormous time, there were those who hit the wall of talent and
became crazy or those who went beyond the wall. Yoo Joonghyuk was the latter.

"...I can't imagine how hard your training was. How many years were you inside
there?"

"Around 100 years."

"Stage three in 100 years... no wonder why you are so arrogant."

100 years. It was a long time for ordinary humans but it wasn't the same for
transcendents.

There were many people who lived for 200 or 300 years in this world who
couldn't reach transcendence no matter how much they built up their martial
arts. It was a wall that couldn't be overcome by improving the physical body
with all types of spiritual medicine. There was a thick wall in transcendence
yet Yoo Joonghyuk crossed that wall three times in 100 years.

"I will shorten it if I enter the time fault again."

"It's a crazy idea\! Using a time fault will numb the soul. Haven't you seen
the martial artists who went mad in the time fault? Don't you know that there
is a fine line between insanity and transcendence?"

"...In the last round, I couldn't surpass you even after entering the time
fault."

"Of course\! 100 years is too early to catch up with me\!" The Breaking the
Sky Sword Saint struggled for a moment before saying, "In any case... you have
reached the third stage, it is better to teach you than an ignorant person."

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression wasn't very bright despite his teacher's praise.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint felt something fishy and questioned him. Yoo
Joonghyuk eventually told her the story.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint heard the story and asked as if it was
absurd, "Your spiritual awakening was while you were exhausted?"

"Well, I don't remember exactly."

In the end, he didn't know who he broke through into stage three. The Breaking
the Sky Sword Saint's expression wasn't good. "Are you confident you can trust
your unconscious mind and break through to stage three again? That sounds like
the pseudo-cult followers of the Ice Flower Goddess.

"That's why I need you. Please teach me your techniques again."

"What?"

"Using the same method as before is difficult. It takes too long."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was stunned by her disciple's shameless
words. "I don't know if I should help. You've crossed the wall of
transcendence so you know that transcendence is never done in one way. All
transcendents have to find their own way to transcend."

"You can still help. Isn't there the 10,000 Streams1 will Gather Together
School."

"It means we will have to find one of the many branches. There is no such
enlightenment in the world. Just as there is no such story."

"Still, if there are 10,000 branches, can't we catch one of them? I've already
found one in the past."

Yoo Joonghyuk said this and thought he was somehow talking like Kim Dokja. He
didn't originally talk this way. Maybe he was influenced while they were
together. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint sighed at her silent disciple.
"Were you originally so talkative? It won't be easy. You should've seen from
the previous round that the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship wasn't originally
for men."

Yoo Joonghyuk also knew it. That's why it was very difficult to learn the
skills of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint in the past. However, this time was
different.

"The problem of gender can be resolved to some extent."

"What does that mean?"

\[The constellation who likes to change sex is snorting.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk frowned at the indirect message. Complex emotions and enormous
anger rose every time he thought about it but he had to take advantage of
everything he could.

"It is time to wrap this up."

After a while, the astonished Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's mouth dropped
open. Yoo Joonghyuk took out his sword with a blank expression.

"You can never tell that guy out there."

  

* * *

  

\[In the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex, there are people who doubt your
achievements.\]

\[The story about the 'Swindler Kim Dokja' is spreading in the Kim Dokja
Industrial Complex.\]

I woke up from my nap due to a message in the air. Based on the message, it
seemed that a bad rumour was circulating in the industrial complex while I was
away. It was natural since the industrial complex had changed rulers but the
new ruler never showed his face.

By the way, Swindler Kim Dokja... Why did it feel like people who didn't know my
face knew me better?

"Kim Dokja. What are you doing?"

Someone kicked me and I got up with a groan. I saw Yoo Joonghyuk whose upper
body was bare and covered in sweat. It was probably from the hard training
under the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

"...I was just thinking for a moment."

"You're being lazy."

"I have to be lazy now. I'm a patient."

It was an excuse but it was true. I had yet to fully recover from the exile
penalty. The recovery was also delayed due to what happened with the Breaking
the Sky Sword Saint. I was increasing the proficiency of Lamarck's Giraffe and
steadily ingesting story fragments, so recovery wouldn't be too late.

I looked at the people training hard in the front yard of the place. "How
about those guys?"

The sweating Jang Hayoung was sparring against Han Myungoh. The Breaking the
Sky Master was supervising and pointing out any mistakes.

"That girl has a fair amount of talent. Her strange attribute means she is
learning it very quickly."

"That isn't a girl. He's a man."

"Sometimes I don't know where your eyes are."

What an idiot. He was a man, right? It was like this in the original novel. I
was about to speak when Yoo Joonghyuk wondered, "Rather, what is happening
with the constellations?"

"...I'm thinking."

It had already been a week since I received Persephone's message.

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is inviting you to the
Gourmet Association.\]

\[In one week, the Gourmet Association Festival will be held at Oro Castle.\]

\[Please decide if you will depart by tonight.\]

An invitation to the Gourmet Association. I expected it to happen someday but
it was earlier than expected.

The Gourmet Association. It was a gathering of constellations who loved
gourmet food. At first glance, it was like the 'constellation banquet' but
reality was completely different.

If the constellation banquet was official, the Gourmet Association Festival
was unofficial and the intensity of the events that happened was also
different.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is worried about you.\]

Above all, there was no Uriel in the Gourmet Association.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is wondering about your
choice.\]

There was no the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal, no Secretive Plotter. Was there...
the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon? I couldn't remember it well.

In any case, the atmosphere of the place wasn't as favourable to me as the
'constellations banquet'. There was nothing more dangerous in the Star Stream
then going to a gathering of unstable constellations.

Yoo Joonghyuk read my expression and asked, "Are you frightened?"

"No way."

I wouldn't have come all the way here if I didn't participate in the Gourmet
Association for that reason. I silently watched Jang Hayoung and Han Myungoh
sparring. Han Myungoh was hit continuously hit and let out a scream. Yoo
Joonghyuk watched along with me and stated. "It's because of this place."

"...That's right."

According to Persephone's message, the Gourmet Association Festival was
exactly one week later. As it happened, the date was exactly the same as the
martial arts competition.

It meant I wouldn't be in the First Murim on the day the martial arts
competition scenario occurred. If something happened...

"Go and come back, Kim Dokja."

  

* * *

\[1\] **10,000 Streams will Gather Together**  Korean idiom meaning "all
things will eventually return to the same point."


