### Chapter 423: Ep. 80 - Our greatest ally, I

\[Kill him.\]

\[KimdokjaKimdokjaKimdokjaKimdokja\!\]

I began walking towards the 'Outer Gods'.

The 'Secretive Plotter' didn't try to stop me. It was as if he was telling me
to try anything I want.

I took another step forward. The movements of the vines grew even more
vicious. They extended out in an instant, and grabbed both of my arms.

\[HeknowsusHeknowsusHeknowsusHeknowsus\]

"Right, I do know you."

I nodded my head towards them.

\[ButhowButhowButhowButhowButhow\]

'But how'.

I didn't know how to answer that question. When I failed to provide an answer,
the animosity directed at me by the vines grew even heavier. Eventually, one
of the tentacles wavering around flew in and pierced my shoulder. It hurt like
crazy, but the true pain didn't come from the injured body part.

I could hear someone's voice coming from the end of that tentacle.

"I don't want to die."

Was it an illusion?

For a moment there, the tentacle piercing my shoulder looked like a sword.

...Not just any, but the Twin Dragon Sword. And I knew the owner of this sword
well.

"I don't want it to end like this."

Lee Jihye was crying. I belatedly reached out, but her crying face had
disappeared by then. Her face slowly vanished, crumbling into debris and only
the short, aimless voice fragments lingered on.

'The Nameless Ones'.

"...I know."

I suppressed the pain and spoke up. And then, yet another tentacle flew in
towards me. The kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[999\] shouted out. As the bloody
noise of my flesh being pierced resounded out, another voice entered my head.

"Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi, which number Lee Hyunsung am I?"

The Incarnation of steel, sturdier than anyone in this world. Just like
before, Lee Hyunsung's figure scattered like bubbles as I reached out. My hand
wandered the empty air, and his voice came to me from beyond the void.

"Truly, is there an end to these scenarios?"

"Yes, there is."

I bit my lip and continued to walk forward.

One step, and then, another one.

Every time I did, fragments of the forgotten world-line talked to me.

"I believed we could carry on for a little while longer."

Lee Seolhwa, dying with her heart penetrated.

"I don't resent you. Still, there is one thing I do regret..."

Shin Yoosung, smiling faintly as she scattered away.

"You're so dumb. Captain, I'm Kim Namwoon. You think I'll kick the bucket
here? I won't die. I will definitely not die. I'll survive, and survive again
to see the next scenario. For sure, the next scenario..."

Kim Namwoon, passing on with his eyes still open.

Memories from the regression turns that I couldn't even begin to guess.

These were simply by-products of the failed world-lines, a collection of
memories with no meaning to them anymore. The precious something that Yoo
Joonghyuk had been protecting even at the cost of becoming the 'Secretive
Plotter'.

"I ain't going to be your ally in the next turn. So, don't come looking for
me."

Gong Pildu.

"Looks like you'll be left alone again, Yoo Joonghyuk."

Anna Croft.

"It's been an honour to fight alongside you, Supreme King."

Selena Kim.

Even the memories of those who used to be Constellations fleeted past me.

Goryeo's First Sword, Cheok Jungyeong.

The god of wine and ecstasy, Dionysus...

I stopped walking because of the sensation of the fierce flames from my right
side. The tentacle holding onto my arm burned as it spoke to me.

"I can still burn them some more."

...Uriel.

I nodded my head and replied. "I know."

\['Outer Gods' are now looking at you.\]

I knew. But I couldn't understand.

Because I wasn't them.

And that was why all I could say to them were these words.

"This story isn't over yet."

\['Outer Gods' are paying attention to your words.\]

"There are still some things left to be told, right?"

I looked up at the 'Outer Gods'.

These beings, portrayed always as either cephalopods or tentacled monsters.
Creatures cursed with the most disgusting appearances by the world-line,
because they were not needed by it.

I spoke to them. "I'll tell your story."

Right away, the surroundings were swept up in the frenzied storm winds.

\[Reallyreallyreallyreallyreally\]

\[WhatdoyoumeanWhatdoyoumeanWhatdoyoumean\]

And from the other side, vicious animosity rained down on me.

\[Lies\!\]

\[Y ou th ink we wi ll fall for it the se cond ti me?\]

Upper-grade Gods began emitting their auras at me.

I swallowed back the blood rising up in my throat and stared at them. I knew
why they were reacting so violently like this. Because they had been
continually used by the 'scenario' until now.

\[Do kkae bis sa id the sa me th ing.\]

It was the 'Bureau' that learned of their existences first and had used them 
the storytellers who, under the pretext of incorporating them into the
scenarios, exploited their powers and Probability, and turned them into the
'Evil' of this world.

I spoke up with my true voice. \[I'm not a Dokkaebi.\]

\[Y ou are a Con stell ation.\]

\[I'm not affiliated with the Bureau, nor am I a collaborator of Dokkaebis.\]

\[All Con stell ations are the sa me.\]

Those words stabbed and dug into my chest like a dagger.

They were right. I was also just another Constellation who craved after
Stories and leered on at their stories. However, because I was a
Constellation, I got to know about something important, as well.

\[You will all definitely be destroyed when the 'final war' commences. Doesn't
matter how you fight, you will still end up losing.\]

\[How in sol ent, y ou ca n't tell th at wi thout fi ght ing fi rst...\!\]

\[No need. I already know. I've already seen all the world-lines where you
fight. I do not wish to see you die like that this time around.\]

The branches of the 'Outer Gods' trembled from my words.

\[What do y ou me an\]

\[You say that you wish to be understood. In that case, I'll make you into a
Story.\]

Right at that moment, the surrounding space-time distorted. Tentacles were
trembling ever so imperceptibly.

I sensed that vibration and continued on. \[I'll ensure that you can stand on
equal terms with the stars in the sky. What I'm saying is that, I'll create a
Story where no one will misunderstand you or despise you.\]

The unrest slowly spread out. A large current of air swept across the 'N'Gai's
Forest' as if it was the sign of an incoming storm.

I didn't miss this opening and spoke again. \[There is no reason for the
'final war' to start. There is no need for you to remain as <Star Stream>'s
evil...\]

\[Sh ut up\]

\[The lik es of y ou da res to\!\]

In the end, I did vomit out some blood. Upper-grade ostracised gods capable of
destroying my body and killing my consciousness completely were descending
down on me.

\[KimdokjadangerKimdokjadanger\]

\[DontattackDontattackDontattack\]

Vines wrapped tightly around me.

The 'Nameless Ones' were protecting me from the auras of the powerful
historical-grade Outer Gods.

\[Pa the tic ones that don t e ven po sse ss egos.\]

Ku-gugugugu\!

Just one true voice, and the dozens of branches were torn off. Even though
they emitted painful screams, the smaller 'Outer Gods' protected me. And then,
the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks stepped in front of me as well.

The 'Secretive Plotter' didn't try to stop them or dissuade them. He simply
watched on as if he was not allowed to interfere with the decision making
process this time.

Just as the Statuses of the historical-grade Gods reached the critical point...

\[You speak of some amusing things.\]

Someone suddenly spoke up. A creature was walking out from a portal spinning
around ominously.

\[Oh, pitiful illegitimate children of the world-line, he speaks of the
truth.\]

\[And y ou, a re?\]

\[You shall become a Story once more and be a part of the story within the
stream of stars. That is, as long as that unfortunate Constellation is willing
to sacrifice himself for your sakes.\]

It was an old man with a very small stature, yet the shadow he cast was
unimaginably large.

There were two lumps shaking about on the cheeks of the giant shadow.

\[De vil of ho ri zon...\]

I too knew of the race that old man belonged to. Indeed, I had a deal with one
of them when I went to the Demon Realm for the first time.

However, this creature right before my eyes was on another dimension compared
to the 'Wenny' I met back then.

There were countless Wennys in this world, but there could only be one with
two lumps among them.

\[Oh, the master of the ancient library.\]

I raised my head to find the Wenny King staring at me with eyes filled with
malicious interest.

\[Are you truly planning to become the <Star Stream>'s enemy for the sake of
these discarded waste?\]

  

* * *

  

I could see the circular-shaped exit open up in the distant forest. And behind
me, many Outer Gods had come to see me off. Their tentacles danced side to
side like a forest of gigantic reeds.

\[KimdokjaKimdokjaKimdokja\]

\[GoodbyeGoodbyeGoodbye\]

Most of them possessed similar outer appearances, but even then, I could just
about tell them apart.

That guy over to the left side was the kind-hearted one possessing a tiny
little bit of Shin Yoosung's memories from the 12th turn. The one on the far
right, meanwhile, was blessed with a fair amount of 44th Kim Namwoon's... Hang
on, didn't that guy stab me in the thigh earlier?

"There is no need to go this far," said the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[999\]
riding on my shoulder. "The deal with the Wenny King is as absolute as they
come. If you do this, then you will definitely..."

"I won't die, so don't worry. By the way, are you planning to come with me?"

\[999\] formed an unhappy expression after hearing my question. "As per our
agreement, I'm tasked with monitoring you. It'd become troublesome for us if
you get in touch with the members of<Kim Dokja's Company> and come up with an
underhanded scheme."

"But, I even did the existence pledge, saying that I won't contact them...
Seriously, you Yoo Joonghyuks can be too much sometimes."

The first agreement I made with the Wenny King, as well as the Outer Gods, was
that I'd not contact the <Kim Dokja's Company> nor reveal my identity to them.

And the second agreement was...

\[Your actions have triggered a new scenario to be created in the <Star
Stream>\!\]

\[Hidden scenario has been generated\!\]

I chuckled hollowly as I read the scenario messages.

Even things like this became a scenario... As expected of the <Star Stream>,
then. But then again, this world wanted to create a story out of its own
destruction, so it shouldn't that surprising, really.

<Hidden Scenario  Verifying Agreement>

Type: Hidden

Difficulty: ???

Clear condition: Introduce 'Outer Gods' to the <Star Stream>'s main Giant
Story. However, they must not be introduced in the existing role of 'Outer
Gods' as before.

Time limit: 100 days

Reward: Outer Gods' trust, ???

Failure: You will lose all of your memories and transform into an Outer God.

Give Outer Gods a role that wasn't about being 'Outer Gods'...

Such a scenario didn't exist anywhere in the original story.

A scenario acquired after persuading the Outer Gods and making a deal with the
Wenny King. If I failed it, then I'd be transformed into an Outer God like
them.

This was the second condition of the agreement I made with the 'Wenny King'.

However, succeeding in this scenario will ensure that Outer Gods wouldn't be
destroyed.

I looked at the exit of the N'Gai's Forest and did a light stretching
exercise.

\[999\] asked me, perhaps finding me rather untrustworthy. "Where are you
planning to go now? There shouldn't be any scenario with a 'Giant Story'
remaining by now."

He was right. Most of the Giant Stories existing in <Star Stream> had come to
their conclusions by now. However, if my memory served me correctly, then one
powerful 'Giant Story' should still remain.

I pretended to ask \[999\] in passing. "By the way, do you also know about the
stories from the 1863rd turn?"

"I've heard about it from the Great Plotter."

"If you guys enter the 'final war' like this, then you'll definitely lose. And
even if you somehow miraculously win, not many of you will end up surviving."

"Are you trying to curse us?"

"No, I'm only stating the truth."

No matter how powerful the faction of the 'Secretive Plotter' and the 'Outer
Gods' was, they still couldn't fight against the entire <Star Stream>.
Whatever the case might have been, the current rulers of this universe were
the <Star Stream>'s Nebulas and the stinking 'Bureau'.

"The best way to avoid war is to inform the other side that they would lose a
lot by starting one in the first place."

"What are you implying?"

"Do you know which Constellation slaughtered the most number of Outer Gods in
the 'final war'?"

\[999\] carefully combed through his memories after hearing my question and
made his reply. Although, his expression indicated that his pride had been
wounded just a little bit.

"No, I do not."

"The Status he possesses is so strong that normally, he has to divide himself
into several pieces. Well, if I'm to describe him, he'd be pretty similar to
the 'Secretive Plotter'."

"...Similar to the Great Plotter?"

"That's right. If only that guy didn't stand on the side of the <Star Stream>,
if only he didn't perform the suicidal attack on the tens of thousands of
ostracised gods... the course of the 1863rd turn would've changed by a lot."

My words caused \[999\]'s eyes to tremble for the first time. It seemed that
he had finally realized the identity of the Constellation I was talking about.

"...Could it be?"

The Constellation who sacrificed himself to take out countless other gods
during the 'Ways of Survival's final war.

There was only one being capable of doing that. I grinned and spoke. "You're
right. We're going to go where he is and make him our ally."


