### Chapter 332: Ep. 62 - God's Enemy, V

The spear flew away with a dark blue light. The power and status of the spear
weren't at a level that Yoo Joonghyuk originally was capable of. Perhaps the
3rd round Yoo Joonghyuk's understanding if the spear had sharply increased
after he went through Hell of Eternity. I watched the flying spear and asked,
"You came back faster than I thought? What happened to the returnees?"

"...I'll explain later."

Ares gritted his teeth and tried to avoid the flying spear. He might not be
able to move freely in the air like Hermes but it should be enough for Ares to
move the spear. At least, if there wasn't a story in the spear.

 The spear that left the fingertips was inevitable. 

Could a story have feelings? No story expert was able to give a definitive
answer. The only certainty was the situation currently unfolding in front of
my eyes.

\[The fragment of the story 'Enemy of the War God' is showing hostility to
Atrocious War God.\]

The Heracles in this world line was fake but over time, fake became real. The
created story had its own will. The moment Ares quickly turned in the air, the
spear turned at the same speed. Ares hurriedly took a defensive posture but
the spear ignored it.

There was a terrible amount of blood and Ares gave a pained scream when his
thigh was pierced. One of the great 12 Gods, the God of War fell into the sea
while bleeding.

"I'll subdue him\!" Lee Hyunsung, who had been waiting on the ground after
releasing Steel Transformation, struck Ares' body with Great Mountain Smash
while Yoo Joonghyuk opened his transcendence and trampled on Ares' incarnation
body. It was fortunate that Yoo Joonghyuk came back at a good timing.

"The Earth side is all sorted out?"

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. Ares struggled and his face twisted as he was
trampled on by a pair of boots. No matter how much he struggled, the spear in
his thigh was restraining his status. The story of Heracles was persistent and
stubborn. At the very least, it was strong enough for the 12 gods to be
neutralized in the 60th scenario. It was something all the 12 gods inflicted
on themselves.

\[T-This Hephaistos like bastard\!\]

\[The constellation 'Volcanic Blacksmith' is frowning.\]

I saw the red arrow floating over Ares' head and pulled out Unbroken Faith. In
order to win this scenario, the two leaders on Olympus' side had to be killed.
Ares was one of them.

The Ares in front of me wouldn't really die because he was an incarnation
body. However, the loss of the incarnation body would be huge damage to the 12
gods. Then Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts entered my mind.

 There is no time... I can save it if I hurry. Nectar is required. 

Yoo Joonghyuk aimed the Black Heavenly Demon Sword at Ares' neck and opened
his mouth. "Ares, do you have nectar?"

I was baffled by Yoo Joonghyuk's sudden words.

...Nectar? I knew the identity of this item.

 If Vedas has the star fluid Soma, Olympus has Nectar. 

This jerk, was he still greedy to enhance his body? At this time,
constellations who entered the channel sent indirect messages.

\[A number of constellations have entered the channel\!\]

\[The constellation 'King Heungmu the Great' is warning you\!\]

\[The constellation 'One-eyed Maitreya' wants to tell you about the crisis on
Earth...\!\]

There was a beep and the indirect messages disappeared.

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is warning everyone to shut up.\]

I looked up and saw Biyoo making a restless expression.

\[Baat, baat...\]

Biyoo, what's going on?

There was no answer from Biyoo. She was trying to avoid my eyes. Everything
was uncertain. It wasn't another dokkaebi hiding from me, it was Biyoo.

Then Ares opened his mouth. \[...You are a time-defying being. Why does the man
who received the blessing of immortality need Nectar?\]

"I have no obligation to respond to you. Once again. Give me the Nectar."

\[Is one of your colleagues in danger? Is that why you need Nectar?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly Demon Sword lightly touched Ares' neck. There
was the sound of blood falling. The particles of blood would have all the
stories he built up contained in the red and white blood cells.

Ares seemed to think of something and opened his mouth. \[I don't have it on
my now. However, if you pull this spear from me, I can go and get Nectar for
you...\]

"That won't happen. Then die."

Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly Demon Sword stabbed Ares' heart. Ares'
incarnation body emitted a faint light and he started to turn to grey. He was
recovering his incarnation body from the scenario. The enraged Ares exclaimed,
\[I will repay this debt, puppet of the Oldest Dream\!\]

There was a loud sound and Ares' incarnation body completely disappeared.

\[The constellation 'Atrocious War God' has left the battlefield.\]

\[One of the leaders of Olympus has abandoned the scenario\!\]

\[You have defeated the Atrocious War God\!\]

\[The legendary story 'One Who Defeated the War God' has been acquired\!\]

\[You have obtained 400,000 coins as compensation.\]

\[Major contributors: Constellation Demon King of Salvation, Incarnation Yoo
Joonghyuk, Incarnation Lee Hyunsung.\]

There were huge rewards as the messages continued.

\[A new story has been added to the existing Gigantomachia\!\]

\[Some of the items on the incarnation body of 'Atrocious War God' will be
distributed to the main contributors.\]

After the system messages, indirect messages were sent to the battlefield.

\[The constellation 'Wind Expedition King' is shocked\!\]

\[The constellation 'Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom' is astonished\!\]

\[The constellation 'Almighty Sun' distrusts his eyes.\]

The battlefield became a crucible of confusion. It was the same for the heroes
fighting in Olympus' camp and the giants fighting against them. Even those
watching the battlefield were included. The fact that the war god of Olympus
abandoned the scenario was a big shock.

\[Hahahahaha\! This time Gigantomachia is really interesting\!\] Zhang Fei's
true voice rang out as he crossed the battlefield and dealt with the heroes.

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't care about the turmoil and was searching through the
rubble of the dead Ares. "He really doesn't have Nectar. Then I must kill
Hebe..."

"Yoo Joonghyuk, you crazy bastard\!" I grabbed Yoo Joonghyuk by the collar and
shouted.

"What are you doing? You would've killed him if I hadn't."

"Why kill him straight away? I could've received one more star relic from him
by threatening him\!"

Of course, I agreed that we should kill Ares. However, in a situation where
his incarnation body was held hostage, I could've received more items...

"This isn't the time to be leisurely."

"Why are you asking for Nectar? You don't need it, do you? I am going to get
Soma from Vedas..." A sinister hunch filled me. "Yoo Joonghyuk. What happened on
Earth?"

"..."

"Perhaps Yoo Sangah..."

"Earth is safe. Don't think futile things and concentrate on finishing
Gigantomachia." Yoo Joonghyuk spoke in a determined voice. "The war isn't over
yet."

Yoo Joonghyuk looked around the battlefield. Ares' Heracles had collapsed.
However, one thing to keep in mind was that the Heracles ridden by Ares was
just one of numerous giant soldiers.

"...More dirty ones are coming."

Countless Heracles were running to this side along the sea route Argo had
created. The mass production type Heracles. In these long years, Olympus had
prepared many giant soldiers for the war against other nebulae.

\[Kill the giants\!\]

Their fierce momentum was enough to shake the waves. Previously, it wouldn't
be strange if the giants ran away in fear. However, now it was different.

\[It is the time of liberation\!\]

\[Companions\! Heracles is fake\!\]

Another leader on this side suddenly tore through the portal. Briareus. He
used to have 100 arms and now only had 50 due to probability, but he was still
enough to compete in the battlefield.

\[Don't be fooled by what you see\! Believe in yourself, not the myths already
recorded\!\]

The giants roared after hearing his true voice. Yoo Joonghyuk spoke, "You've
changed the myth."

The power of the myth was determined by those who believed in it. The
protagonist of Gigantomachia was Heracles. The fact that Heracles was a fake
had a direct impact on the giants. The shaky Stage Transformation was the
evidence.

On this broken stage, a new stage was being made. On the pages of the torn
script, another script would be used. However, Yoo Joonghyuk's expression
didn't relax. "This isn't the end. "The gods will come."

Ares was only one of the 12 gods. If the contents of the original were the
same, there would be at least two more of the 12 Gods fighting.

One was Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom, Athena. The other was Almighty Sun,
Apollon.

Yoo Joonghyuk glanced at the broken Pluto. "You can't go with the gods with
the weary and broken giant soldier."

"There is still a long time before you can fight one on one with the 12 Gods."

"I won't know without trying."

These words were spoken but it was impossible for the current Yoo Joonghyuk to
go head to head and win against the 12 Gods. In my case, it was possible
because I was lucky with the tricks I used.

"After witnessing Ares' defeat, the 12 gods will come in different ways. Even
with your status, you are likely to have to sacrifice some probability."

"It doesn't matter. That will make it taste better."

"You deal with Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom. It will be difficult alone so
I'll give you one more person. Then you'll be able to stop her somehow."

"Who are you going to add?"

"You'll know soon."

I saw Athena and Apollon flying in the distance. They had a terribly 'status'
that could be felt from this distance. It would definitely be different from
the battle with Ares.

Yoo Joonghyuk adjusted the Black Heavenly Demon Sword and asked, "Will you
deal with the Almighty Sun?"

"There is a separate constellation for him."

"...I will trust your tricks this once." The moment he spoke, Yoo Joonghyuk ran
into the sky. He disappeared using Red Phoenix Shunpo, leaving a beautiful
trail behind him. Yoo Joonghyuk's early stage of transcendence was now
perfect.

There was the sound of the Black Heavenly Demon Sword splitting through the
air. It stopped before Athena and a collision of red magic power occurred
almost simultaneously.

\[Get out of the way. Or die.\]

Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom, Athena. The daughter of the master of
lightning who ruled Olympus and the most respected war god in Olympus.

\[You might be proficient in mythology but I am different from Ares.\]

They might both by 'war gods' but Ares and Athena were different. Both gods
fought in many proxy wars but he had never won against Athena.

Athena spoke, \[I don't hate you. My purpose is to return the giants to
Tartarus. But if you continue to disturb\]

Cold anger filled her expression.

\[In the name of justice, I am forced to punish you.\]

Athena was a god who always fulfilled her words. If she truly lifted her spear
and shield, there were few people who could prevent her wrath in all of
Olympus. There were sparks as someone's true voice came from the sky.

\[You are still using that line, Athena. Whenever we cut the ing demons
together... nothing has changed.\]

I was barely breathing as I looked up at the sky. Athena was a constellation
with one of the strongest combat power. However, it was limited to Olympus.

 If there was an Athena of justice in Olympus... 

Brilliant flames appeared in the air and a new incarnation entered the
battlefield. The pure white flames subsided and I saw a person I knew well.

 There is Jung Heewon in Kim Dokja's Company. 

The strongest sword I had finally appeared on the battlefield.

\[It's been a long time, Athena.\]

Uriel unfolded pure white wings as she descended into Jung Heewon's body.


