### Chapter 205: Ep. 39 - Unidentified Wall, II

Unfortunately, Han Myungoh's words didn't continue. Han Myungoh was knocked
unconscious because he received a penalty from disclosing some of the details
of his contract with Asmodeus.

I felt a bit sad because it was broken off at the exciting part.

 Kim Dokja thought: In any case, the demon kings and constellations have
started to show interest in this world. 

The land of abandoned scenarios, the Demon Realm. This world, which had long
been shunned by the constellations, was starting to receive attention again.

Humans can't beat them\! Compared to them, we are just insignificant bugs\!

Han Myungoh had said this several times. He had been in the Demon Realm for
several months so he was well aware of the strength of the senior nobles and
demon kings.

This despair was understandable. In fact, even the early-mid Yoo Joonghyuk had
struggled in the Demon Realm. Of course, that was Yoo Joonghyuk's story. I was
different.

My stomach started growling because I had stayed awake all night. I headed to
the pub and asked Mark to cook some simple dishes. Jang Hayoung was sitting
absentmindedly at a table. I quietly approached him and sat down.

"Hiik\!"

"You say that every time."

Jang Hayoung stared at me with an ugly expression and screamed, "What is it?
What? What other issue are you coming to create?"

"Why are you so grouchy?"

"...Never mind."

"Why? What happened?"

Jang Hayoung couldn't easily answer my question and stared at the plate in
front of him. I knew that I couldn't urge him and just waited.

Mark glanced between Jang Hayoung and I. It was unknown what he was thinking
but he suddenly winked. After a while, Jang Hayoung opened his mouth.

"Why did you let me join the Revolutionary Army?"

"What?"

"I'm not a guardian or revolutionary. I'm not the chairman of the Civil
Council like Aileen."

\[The character 'Jang Hayoung' has used Lethargy Lv. 4.\]

\[The character 'Jang Hayoung' has used Self-Loathing Lv. 10.\]

Damn, it was starting. I had forgotten for a while. If Yoo Joonghyuk suffered
from the 'regression depression' then this person suffered from a thorough
'self-loathing'.

I didn't think there were any main characters of Ways of Survival who were
sane.

The small shoulders quivered. I would feel better if I hit him on the shoulder
but it would be hard for him to feel comforted.

\[Your understanding of the character 'Jang Hayoung' has increased.\]

Jang Hayoung stared out the window. He seemed to be looking at Aileen who was
cleaning up the previous incident. Jang Hayoung spoke again, "...Night will come
again. Will you still be able to protect the people?"

"Maybe not," I answered honestly. "I don't know all the executioners. It is
impossible to catch all of them before tomorrow's Night."

There were seven executioners who hadn't been caught.

If those seven people made up their minds and started attacking people,
tomorrow night would be a bloody festival. I added before Jang Hayoung could
fall into despair.

"There is no other way to stop it. We must find the fighter."

The fighter. It was the only position that could deal with an executioner
during the Night. If I could find that position, it wouldn't be unreasonable
to restore the atmosphere.

However, Mark interrupted from where he was cooking. "...I'm sorry but there
probably won't be a fighter."

"What? Mark, how do you know this?"

"There is no one from the old generation to pass on the skills of a
'fighter'."

Unlike other positions, a fighter could only receive the position through
'succession'. Mark kept speaking. "After the fighter died protecting the
former revolutionary, there was no successor."

I already knew this information. In fact, there was no fighter in this
industrial complex. In the original novel, Yoo Joonghyuk had been very
confused by this. I bit into the sandwich that Mark gave me.

"If there isn't a successor then we have to create one. Inherit the position
from another fighter."

"As far as I know, there are no fighters left in the 73rd Demon Realm."

"I'm not going to find them in the Demon Realm."

"What?"

I glanced at Jang Hayoung. Now was the time. I spoke to the blank-looking Jang
Hayoung. "Hey, talk to the wall."

"W-What does that mean?"

"You have a 'wall'. Every time you try to learn something, that wall blocks
you."

"H-How do you know about the wall?" The startled Jang Hayoung stared at me.

"There are ways for me to know," I smirked and replied.

Other people might not know it but Jang Hayoung had a 'wall'. To be precise,
it was a wall called the Unidentified Wall. This wall had been blocking Jang
Hayoung's growth so far.

"Isn't it because of the wall that you never learnt any skills? That's why
you're like this. Lethargic, self-loathing..."

"W-What?"

"I know you think it is a wall of talent. However, it isn't a wall of talent.
It has a different purpose."

"No, how do you...\!"

"In any case, quickly talk to it. You can communicate with that wall."

Jang Hayoung's face turned red after hearing that he could talk to the wall. I
wanted to tell him not to worry. After all, I was in the same boat in regards
to talking to a wall. Jang Hayoung hesitated before slowing opening his mouth.

"T-That..."

"Quickly."

A moment passed before Jang Hayoung triggered the skill.

\[The character 'Jang Hayoung' has used Unidentified Wall Lv. 1\!\]

Jang Hayoung's pupils were white. It wasn't visible to me but perhaps in Jang
Hayoung's vision, he would be surrounded by a white wall.

A pure white wall with nothing written on it. It wasn't strange for Jang
Hayoung to get a mental illness if he was blocked by such a wall every time he
tried to learn a skill.

Jang Hayoung carefully opened his mouth. "Excuse me... Wall-nim?"

Surprisingly, I also heard a message the moment Jang Hayoung spoke.

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' is giving off a wrinkled impression.\]

I didn't know why. Maybe it was because I had a similar 'wall'. Either way, it
was good.

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' is looking at its master.\]

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' says: You aren't qualified yet.\]

As expected, it was just as petulant as the original novel. I was prepared.

"Hey, don't do that and give your permission. If you don't help, your kid will
die."

Jang Hayoung was surprised by my sudden words and stared at me. The next
moment, the Unidentified Wall spoke.

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' says: Who are you?\]

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' says: How can you hear my voice?\]

"It isn't important who I am. Just give your permission. If it is level one,
can't he use the minimum of features? Why are you blocking him?"

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' is frowning.\]

It was angry at my words and sparks appeared around Jang Hayoung. The
probability was putting pressure on me, a constellation. Myth rated attributes
were truly different.

...This wouldn't be as easy as I expected. I stepped back from Jang Hayoung.

The sparks that suddenly appeared in the air surprised Mark and the other pub
customers. Once I had them evacuated, I opened my mouth again. "Are you going
to keep acting like this? It isn't good for you. Won't you have to find a new
host if he dies?"

The sparks of probability once again appeared. It was a measure of Jang
Hayoung's strong potential that he could create such a force with the power of
a single skill despite not being a constellation. Thus, I needed to awaken
Jang Hayoung here.

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' says: You are impudent.\]

The sparks that burst from Jang Hayoung's body became increasingly intense. I
was a bit baffled because I didn't know the reaction would be to this extent.
It happened the moment I thought a small probability storm would occur here.

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is strongly activated\!\]

The sparks around me calmed down at once. To be exact, a larger spark seemed
to have swallowed the surroundings sparks.

\[The Fourth Wall greets the Unidentified Wall.\]

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' is surprised.\]

I was also shocked. The 'walls' could converse with each other?

\[The Fourth Wall greets the Unidentified Wall with pleasure.\]

Jang Hayoung's face was turning reddish-white. He was clearly seeing this
scene.

The Fourth Wall opened its mouth.  Fri end. 

\[The Unidentified Wall is starting to shake.\]

I didn't know about the communication between the walls but just by saying
hello, the air around Jang Hayoung started to distort into a mysterious form.

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' says: You, what are you...?\]

The air around me shook faintly. The Fourth Wall was moving in a form
different from usual.

I couldn't express it well. One thing was clear. It seemed to be angry.

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' is complaining about the pain\!\]

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' is complaining about the pain\!\]

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' is complaining about the pain\!\]

There were brilliant sparks as Jang Hayoung grabbed his head and screamed. How
much time passed? There was a heavy feeling and the Unidentified Wall sent a
message.

\[The 'Unidentified Wall' says: W-Who are you?\]

  

* * *

  

Honestly, I had no idea why Jang Hayoung had such a wall.

Ways of Survival didn't explain exactly what the Unidentified Wall was. I
thought it would mention it in the ending but... of course, this didn't mean it
was impossible to predict the identity of this wall.

The existence of this wall was presumably related to Jang Hayoung's job before
he moved dimensions.

"This is the first time I have seen..."

Jang Hayoung was staring into the air with a very perplexed expression.

\[The Unidentified Wall has recognized its master as the incarnation 'Jang
Hayoung'.\]

It was a complicated procedure but with the help of the Fourth Wall, Jang
Hayoung succeeded in being acknowledged by the Unidentified Wall. Then a new
window popped up in front of Jang Hayoung for the very first time.

\[Enter the modifier or name of the presence you want to send a message to.\]

Thanks to the Fourth Wall, I also saw the message. Jang Hayoung stared at me.
"...W-What is this? What should I enter?"

In fact, it was because of this ability that I had to bring Jang Hayoung with
me. I had to borrow the wall's strength through Jang Hayoung so that I could
have the power to fight against those fucking nebulae.

"Please enter the names I will tell you."

"...Yes."

I called out several names. They were all names of characters who had fought
with fighters in the Demon Realm in the original novel of Ways of Survival.
Then another window popped up.

\[Please enter a message to send.\]

"What should I write?"

"I want to become a 'fighter'. Please help."

"...Will it work?"

"I don't know. Just try it first."

Jang Hayoung sent the message. Then we waited. One minute, two minutes. Three
minutes... 10 minutes.

Jang Hayoung asked, "Did I do it properly?"

"...I guess it failed."

The damn Star Stream had no consideration for newbies. I asked for help so
earnestly but no one sent a reply. We sent a few more messages.

\[I'm looking for someone who will make me a 'fighter'.\]

\[I need the skill of the 'fighter'.\]

\[Please help.\]

No matter how many times he sent the message, there was no reply. Maybe they
thought it was a spam message and didn't answer... damn.

I had no talent for writing so I didn't know what message I should send to get
a reply. It would've been nice of Han Sooyoung was here. She would've come up
with a good idea.

Jang Hayoung frowned and thought about something for a while. Then he opened
his mouth. "...I need to get a reply? Can I write what I want?"

"Have you thought of something?"

Jang Hayoung lightly nodded and typed his message.

\[I am a 15 year old schoolgirl.\]

"Hey, wait"

Before I could stop him, Jang Hayoung pressed the Send Message button.

\[The message was sent to random constellations because no recipient was
entered.\]

The message wasn't even sent to a particular person. I shouted in a frustrated
manner. "You are dealing with constellations\! Do you think that would work?"

"...Just watch."

What the hell did this guy eat...

The next moment.

\[A reply has arrived\!\]

We stared at each other with bemused expressions and confirmed the reply. To
my surprise, the constellation who replied was someone I knew.

\[SenderAbyssal Black Flame Dragon\]


