### Chapter 309: Ep. 58 - Context of the Constellations, V

The dokkaebi who appeared for the scenario wasn't Bihyung. Nevertheless, it
was a very familiar dokkaebi. At one time, he was a low-grade dokkaebi and he
even learnt how to use the Dokkaebi Bag from me.

...Kim Dokja?

The dokkaebi's eyes widened and he activated the Dokkaebi Communication.

It's me\! Dokkaebi Youngki\!

Dokkaebi Youngki in a suit was looking at me. Perhaps it was due to the main
scenario progress but he seemed reluctant to look at the other participants.

It has been a while.

I heard rumours that you had come back...

The rumour spread?

Ah, you don't know. Right now, Bihyung is trying to deal with the probability
caused by Kim Dokja

in every direction.

Youngki laughed and continued,

Anyway, it was a pleasure to see you again. Other constellations have been
asking a lot about Dokja-nim. After this scenario, you will finally go and see
those sponsors.

Yes, if things turn out well.

Huhu, of course, it will. However, Kim Dokja won't receive any special
treatment. Do you understand?

I know.

I heard distant sounds from afar. Without realizing it, the incarnations
participating in the 46th scenario had gathered.

\[Hmm... there are 48 people. The Seoul area has fewer participants.\]

Youngki changed his tone as he studied the volunteers with calm eyes. The
appearance of the volunteers varied. They were originally residents of the
industrial complex or incarnations who desperately reached this point.

Some of the returnees who stopped being disasters but rejected Yoo Joonghyuk's
contract could be seen. Their expressions were distorted with deep rage or
sadness. Perhaps they couldn't find their family.

\[This scenario is different from many scenarios. First of all, this scenario
is an optional scenario.\]

It was a returnee from Murim who asked the question. "An optional scenario?
What is that?"

\[It means you can choose to participate as an 'individual qualification' or
you can choose to participate in the 'nebula qualification'. No matter which
one you choose, you will need colleagues.\]

I listened to Youngki's words and clenched my fists. The 46th main scenario,
Proof of the Stars. It had finally come. The voices of the incarnations could
be heard.

"What's the difference between participating as an individual or participating
as a nebula?"

"Stupid. An individual qualification literally means participating alone and a
nebula qualification means participating as a group. Well, this is a nebula
we're talking about."

"What about the people who are already in a nebula?" Will they be forced to
participate as a 'nebula qualification'?"

\[Oh, this is an important question. In regards to that...\]

The moment Youngki's words were about to continue, a light flashed in the
night sky.

\[Oh, you're already here. Your nature is too hasty.\]

At the same time, messages poured from the sky. The messages headed to their
destination like a meteor shower and hovered above the heads of incarnations.

.

.

\[The nebula 'Asgard' has invited you to join.\]

\[The nebula 'Guardian Tree' has invited you to join.\]

\[The nebula 'Tamna' has invited you to join.\]

\[The nebula 'Emperor' has invited you to join.\]

.

.

The 46th scenario started with a nebula selection competition.

"W-What is this?"

The shocked incarnations screamed. There were also incarnations checking the
list of nebulae with a cautious expression. There were a handful of returnees
who already knew the scenario. Some incarnations also counted the number of
stars above another person's head. Most of them had one or two but there were
several cases that went beyond five.

"Crazy, what is this?"

Of course, my party was the one who received the most messages. In particular,
Yoo Joonghyuk and some of the party members couldn't have their faces seen due
to the blinding light. I looked above my head.

\[A total of 137 invitations have arrived for you.\]

\[However, if you accept this invitation then the nebula Kim Dokja's Company
will automatically be disbanded.\]

The messages were sent with the intention of poking at people who couldn't
eat. Did they really think I would disband my nebula and join them?

Youngki continued when the incarnations seemed to settle down a bit.

\[This scenario is the first scenario to receive a nebula selection. You can
join one of the invited nebulae and participate in the scenario.\]

"Do we have to join? What is so good about joining up?"

\[It doesn't matter if you don't join. However, if the nebula you join has
already completed the 46th scenario...\]

Youngki smiled slyly.

\[You can be exempt from the scenario and go straight to the 47th scenario.\]

  

* * *

  

In the midst of the incarnations, the party members gathered around me.

"I will pick Emperor\!"

"I will choose Flag of Glory."

In the meantime, the incarnations finished choosing and shouted from
everywhere.

\[Those who have chosen an exempt nebula will be automatically sent to the
47th scenario area. Please keep this in mind.\]

Most incarnations chose to join a nebula rather than challenge the 46th
scenario. It was a reasonable judgment to some extent. The Korean Peninsula
was slowly when it came to scenarios so the notoriety of the 46th scenario had
spread from other countries that had already gone through it.

If two people challenge the 46th scenario together, one of them will die.

None of them wanted to be the ones to die. Some of the incarnations gave up on
participating in the scenario while others chose a nebula and proceeded to the
next scenario. The number of incarnations increased and Youngki finally looked
at us.

\[Now you're the only ones left. What will you do?\]

The party members gathered around me were waiting for my choice.

Youngki asked again. \[Do you want to apply as an individual or a nebula? No
matter what you choose, you can't do it alone.\]

"If I pass this scenario with the qualification of a nebula, the members of
the same nebula will automatically be promoted?"

"Hoh that's right, Demon King of Salvation. Do you intend to challenge as a
nebula?\]

"Yes."

The 46th scenario Proof of the Stars was the debut stage for our new nebula.
In this scenario, the story recorded in the constellation's context depended
on the number of victims and the performance.

I looked around at the party members. Apart from Yoo Joonghyuk and I, they
hadn't joined a nebula. I made eye contact with every one of them and slowly
breathed in.

"I won't force you to choose but keep this in mind. If you choose another
nebula here and proceed with the scenario, you will definitely be under unfair
constraints"

"Dokja ahjussi really isn't honest. Why don't you just tell us to sign up?"

Lee Jihye pouted and interrupted my words. Among the party members, it was
Jung Heewon who opened her mouth first. "Hmm, what should I do?"

Jung Heewon smiled playfully while the nebulae invitations shimmered above her
head. "Considering Uriel, I should go to Eden..."

In fact, it was common for many incarnations to join the nebula their sponsor
belonged to. However, there were cases where the sponsors were very open and
respected the choice of the individual incarnation. In particular, Eden
respected the free will of the incarnations.

Jung Heewon asked, "Will we be eligible for the four major insurances if we
join Kim Dokja's Company?"

"Uh, um. This is the first time I'm operating this type of thing..."

"Is there a lunch break and nap time?"

"What about a personal maintenance time?"

"What about the support of medicinal or material items?"

Lee Hyunsung, Lee Seolhwa and Lee Jihye. Each of them threw out the questions
they wanted to ask.

"Well, that... as you know, Kim Dokja's Company is just a new nebula." I
stuttered at the explosive baptism of questions before sighing. "You can
decide your break time and maintenance time. I will supply consumable material
items but it might not be the best. There might be frequent night work and the
overtime allowance isn't enough."

It felt like I had no true conscience while speaking. If it had been before
the destruction, I would wonder about who would join such a company.

Nevertheless, Lee Hyunsung was listening to me while Lee Jihye yawned.

"As well as..."

"Dokja-ssi."

"Huh?" Jung Heewon interrupted in a calm voice. "In fact, there are many
questions I want to ask. Where have you been in the meantime, why have you
come back so late?"

"I will tell you soon..."

"In fact, I can't easily let go of my anger."

"..."

"I become furious every time I think about that day. Why should Dokja-ssi
decide our lives? We aren't Dokja-ssi's pets to be raised."

"...I'm sorry."

"Even if Dokja-ssi doesn't help, our lives are what we decide."

I couldn't fathom the extent of Jung Heewon's scar. Maybe it wasn't only Jung
Heewon. I didn't know what the past three years had been like for the party
members.

"Thus, this is my decision."

Jung Heewon bowed her head. Her shoulders were trembling. The moment I
approached, Jung Heewon raised her head and looked at me. The tough swordsman
was looking at me with faintly red eyes.

\[Incarnation 'Jung Heewon' has joined the nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company'.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' respects the opinion of her
incarnation.\]

I bit my lips as I faced those eyes. Then I barely smiled. "Thank you, Heewon-
ssi."

Jung Heewon smiled slightly.

The second one was Lee Hyunsung. "I also have many words but... Heewon-ssi has
mentioned everything."

"Then why didn't you say it first?"

"I'm not very eloquent... In fact, I wanted to quit my job."

\[Incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung' has joined the nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company'.\]

\[The constellation 'Master of Steel' respects the opinion of his
constellation.\]

Then Lee Jihye was next. "Ugh, I hate this atmosphere. Quickly change it\!"

\[Incarnation 'Lee Jihye' has joined the nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company'.\]

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' respects the opinion of his
constellation.\]

Lee Seolhwa also smiled. "In fact, I joined through Joonghyuk-ssi yesterday."

\[The constellation 'Guam Divine Doctor' is nodding.\]

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung hung onto me. "Us as well, ahjussi\!"

I checked the list and it was true. These three people had already joined my
nebula.

As everyone was checking the nebula message above their heads, only one person
was gazing at me. A few party members were also glancing over there. Only one
person among the group hadn't joined the nebula.

Han Sooyoung paused before speaking. "I'll do it just this once, you idiot."

\[Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung' has joined the nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company'.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is grumbling but respects the
opinion of his incarnation.\]

"Instead, change the name at a later date. It will be the Han Sooyoung
Corporation."

I bowed at the party members and looked back at Youngki.

\[Hmmm, it seems you are done. Then I'll ask you. Would the nebula 'Kim
Dokja's Company' like to challenge the scenario with the nebula
qualification?\]

I nodded. Youngki smiled and continued.

\[It isn't fun for a lot of people to enter at once so I'll divide the
party.\]

Something was weird. We had a lot of people so the party would be divided?
There was no such thing in the original 46th scenario.

Youngki's expression was weird. His forehead was strangely sweaty.

I'm sorry Kim Dokja.

...What?

\[The nebula 'Papyrus' disapproves of your challenge\!\]

\[Many nebulae are frowning at your challenge\!\]

I seemed to understand what was going on.

...These jerks, they were going to bother me to the end?

I shouted at the party members. "Keep this in mind\! Never touch the
'star'...\!"

There was a dazzling light and the scene in front of me started to change.

\[Your nebula has met the criteria to participate.\]

\[Going to the 46th scenario area.\]

\[A room will be allocated to the participants.\]

At the same time, the scenario contents appeared in the air.

\[Main Scenario \#46 - Proof of the Stars\]

Category: Main

Difficulty: ???

Clear Conditions: Acquire and use the 'star' in the center of the room or
prevent the other party from obtaining the 'star' within the time limit. If
one of the two conditions were met, the scenario would be automatically
cleared.

Time Limit: 3 hours.

Compensation: Check the additional message.

Failure: Conditional death

Youngki's voice followed.

\[I'll put together something very special for your companionship.\]

I opened my eyes and stood alone in a white room. In the center of the room,
there was a star floating on top of a small marble pedestal.

\[Oops, one room is wrongly assigned. Haha, it can't be helped\! I wish all of
you the blessing of the story.\]

Then another person was summoned to the other side of the room. I rubbed my
eyes as I gazed at the person standing opposite me with a dreadful expression.

"...I guess this is the wrongly assigned room."

\[The rewards for the star in the room will be revealed\!\]

\[Star Reward\]

Choice 1. If you acquire or use the 'star' before your opponent, you can
acquire all the skills and stories of the opponent.

Choice 2. If you acquire or use the 'star' before your opponent, you can have
indefinite life or death rights over your opponent.

Choice 3...

I didn't read the rest of the compensation and waved my hand to the other
person.

"Hey, you know what to do? As you know, this scenario... ah\!"

I stopped talking and started running towards the star. Yoo Joonghyuk, who
already arrived at the center of the room, was reaching for the star.


