### Chapter 324: Ep. 61 - Gigantomachia, IV

Over the years, the giants had forgotten the anger from the first
Gigantomachia. The repeated scenarios took away their will and tarnished the
glorious days.

Now the 60th scenario, Gigantomachia was merely a festival of constellations
where several giants

were conscripted.

\[Please go back.\]

Rather than resisting the world, the giants chose to be forgotten from the
world. Their despair was so huge that I was speechless for a moment. It
would've been nice if Yoo Sangah was here right now. She was better at
convincing people than me.

"The commanders of a mythical era... they aren't a big deal."

It was a uniquely rude tone. Surprisingly, Kim Namwoon was the first one to
open his mouth.

"Lumps, you aren't dead like me."

Despite the terrifying status of the giants, his small mouth was still moving.
Kim Namwoon shouted in a strangely heightened accent, as if it was his end and
he wanted to have no regrets. "Those who are alive can change the future. Yet
you're already giving up? They say that gods are greater than humans and have
enormous mental strength? king bull\! Whining after losing a few times...\!"

A bloody aura rose from the giants. I quickly moved in front of Kim Namwoon to
stop him. "You can still change. This Gigantomachia is completely different
from the ones before."

\[History doesn't change.\]

"Have you already forgotten that you were betrayed by the God of Lightning?
Have you forgotten how you fell to the abyss of Tartarus after helping him win
Titanomachy?"

Yoo Sangah wasn't around but I remembered what she told me. Yoo Sangah was
excellent in world history and mythology. I recalled the time when she
persuaded King Heungmu the Great with her words. "How was it during
Gigantomachia? It was a fight you could win. It was a fight you could win if
it wasn't for the help of human heroes. Do you want to be recorded as a myth
that was forever defeated?"

\[Cheeky child. You don't understand...\!\]

"I understand. Your despair, I understand it all."

It was a lie. It was because I didn't know about them. However, it also wasn't
a lie.

"I know someone who was in the same position as you but he didn't give up to
the end, unlike you."

We could only understand the other person through our stories.

"I knew a man who was desperate thoughts of times in front of a world greater
than him, yet never gave up."

Yoo Joonghyuk and Kim Namwoon looked at me. Briareus asked, \[Whose story are
you talking about?\]

"The story of a hero I know. I can tell you if you like."

Briareus laughed at my words. The deep distrust was filled with ridicule.

\[Hidden behind the wall.\]

...The presence behind the wall. At this moment, I heard the world creaking.

\[I know that you have a fragment of the Last Wall. You are hiding behind it
and avoiding the attention of other constellations.\]

It was true.

\[Do you think there is any authenticity in the words from such a coward? You
can't persuade us.\]

Funnily enough, I couldn't refute the words. It felt like he pointed out
something that I had ignored for a long time.

\[The Fourth Wall is indignant\!\]

\[The Fourth Wall is saying not to listen.\]

Unexpectedly, it was the constellations who helped me.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' condemns the weakness of
the giants\!\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' thinks the 'Strongest Storm'
is pathetic.

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is shaking his head.\]

Briareus was surprised by the sudden burst of indirect messages.

\[You have great sponsors in your channel... spectres of the scenario. You still
remain? I wonder what the story is that you are chasing after this little
boy.\]

I stared at the indirect messages pouring from the air and worried for a
moment. I didn't take long to make a decision. "I'll release the wall."

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is looking at you with
astonishment\!\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is watching you with serene eyes.\]

"Then will you listen to my story?"

 Kim Dok ja can't do th at. 

There were intense sparks around me as the Fourth Wall spoke.

 I can't d o it. 

'Just once. It is okay even for a moment'.

 It wi ll be dan ge rous. 

The Fourth Wall stood firm.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is shimmering faintly.\]

In fact, I wasn't confident either. I wondered if my mind could fully endure
it once this wall was completely gone. Still, I had to do it.

 Ab so lute ly not. 

'I will forcibly turn it off if you don't listen'.

The Fourth Wall shook more strongly at my threat. The Fourth Wall that always
protected me. I didn't want to fight it. Eventually, the first one to yield
was the Fourth Wall.

 No t every thing... 

'Then?'

One pa rt on ly. 

The moment I was about to answer, I heard the sound of the sky collapsing.
There was an artificial crack in something that was snugly wrapped around me.
My head became cloudy and my calm heart suddenly became uneasy.

\[Part of the Fourth Wall is opened.\]

I started to feel like I was going crazy. My vision turned red and my heart
jumped quickly. I was dizzy.

Some of my stories released their voices.

\[The story 'Hell of Eternity' has begun.\]

\[The exclusive attribute 'Scenario Interpreter' is activated\!\]

The things I had been through in the 1863rd round were floating around in my
head. I looked out and letters were pouring out from me. It was the story of
Ways of Survival that I had read. In the feast of fascinating stories, I lost
my breath for a moment.

There was Yoo Joonghyuk. It was Yoo Joonghyuk of the original novel that no
longer existed. Some of the rounds I remembered became fragments and they were
passed on to the Hecatoncheires. I started retching.

 I killed him. 

 It shouldn't be like this. 

 I could've stopped it. 

Even so, I didn't lose my mind. I was obliged to tell this story. Only I
remembered this story.

 "I won't give up. One hundred times, a thousand times. I will go back a few
times and surely kill all of you." 

There was Yoo Joonghyuk fighting against Olympus.

The 150 eyes of the giants widened in unison.

 "I will kill all of you without leaving a single thing left." 

Yoo Joonghyuk's rounds were flowing out. Yoo Joonghyuk fought. In the 211th
round, he killed one of the 12 gods. In the 325th round, he killed two of
them. In the 438th round, he killed four. The number of rounds suddenly
exceeded four digits.

 "I told you. You will die." 

He declared. He swung his sword. He put his words into practice. In the
meantime, there were the Gigantomachia scenarios where the giants were
defeated. Yoo Joonghyuk held the heads of the 12 gods and laughed.

 "You can't survive forever." 

The eyes of the giants were amazed as they looked at the heads of the gods.
There was Yoo Joonghyuk who kept fighting and fighting. In the 1863rd
regression, Yoo Joonghyuk slaughtered the constellations.

Every time Yoo Joonghyuk killed, the fists of the giants shook. In the eyes of
the giants, something long lost was waking up again. In the end, the only way
to convince someone was the story.

The lost sensibility was woken up. Their old willpower was being rekindled.
They were being told that life was possible. It was just a story.

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is activated\!\]

The story was soon cut off. I lost strength and collapsed, only for somebody
to help me. They were Yoo Joonghyuk and Kim Namwoon.

The giants were looking at me.

\[So...\] The giants asked me. \[What happened next in the story?\]

\[What happened next?\]

I was well aware of the desire seen in these eyes. "Do you want to know?"

While hating the scenario, they were curious about the next scenario.

\[...I want to know.\]

"Find out for yourself."

At my words, the eyes of the giants shook again. The chapped lips that
declared they weren't curious about the next story were twitching in unison.
The answer came back after a long time.

\[...Do you think you can win?\]

I knew what they were asking and answered confidently. "I can win."

300 eyes were looking at me. How long had it been? The number of eyes started
to increase. 300 became 400 and then 500. In the darkness, countless Gigantes
appeared around the three Hecatoncheires brothers.

\[Giants, listen.\]

The feet of the myths descended.

\[We... will fight in Gigantomachia.\]

There was an earthquake along with the sound. All the giants in Tartarus
started swarming. One by one, the giants started stomping their feet.

Kung. Kung. Kung. Kung.

The sound of the feet unceasingly moved to the beat. The giants rose in unison
and a grand spectacle unfolded.

Kung. Kung. Kung. Kung.

A step towards ruin. I barely breathed as I watched the giants rising like
waves in the darkness.

It was pretty hard but it was successful. At this time, Persephone's true
voice was heard in the air.

\[You better hurry, Demon King of Salvation. Olympus has already taken out the
'giants' to join Gigantomachia.\]

"...Why have they already pulled out giants?"

\[You don't know. Gigantomachia has already started.\]

"What do you mean? There is still a week."

\[Have you forgotten that time flows differently in the Underworld?\]

I made a mistake. The moment I was about to ask for the time outside, I heard
the voices of the giants.

\[How many were taken to Gigantomachia?\]

\[This year, there are four.\]

...Four?

"There is no way. There should be five giants in this scenario."

The giants gazed at me and answered, \[Four.\]

I quickly opened the smartphone and checked Ways of Survival.

 There are five giants in this year's Gigantomachia. 

There was no doubt. According to Ways of Survival, there should be five giants
in this year's war.

Yet only four were pulled out? At this moment, I got shivers.

I glanced back and saw that Yoo Joonghyuk had a serious expression. "Kim
Dokja."

All the giants in the Star Stream were trapped in Tartarus. Apart from one.
Apart from the half-giant we knew.


