### Chapter 534: Epilogue 3 - Author's words, III

Han Sooyoung continued to write.

The short period of time given to her during the wee hours was completely
devoted to Kim Dokja.

"Hey, Dokkaebi King."

"Yes, my dear god."

"...I told you to stop calling me that. Anyways. The 'Ways of Survival' will be
published seven in the evenings from now on. The website doesn't have the
feature to schedule the chapter releases ahead of time yet, so you hold onto
the manuscript and upload them on time for me. If I upload them during dawn,
that kid is going to stay up late and wait. He won't get any sleep."

"I shall do as you command."

Han Sooyoung spat out a lengthy groan and shifted her gaze back to the
manuscript she'd been working on.

Yoo Joonghyuk examined the events of the previous regression turn.

She couldn't possibly write a life that lasted for 1863rd regression turns.
3149 chapters were simply too short to contain a life lived for 1864 times.
She had to omit some regression turns, while some others had to be greatly
reduced in length.

She knew that life didn't really work that way. But at the same time, she had
to acknowledge that some lives could only be written in such a manner. Once
she came to accept that, writing those lives didn't prove to be too difficult
for her.

The life of 1863rd turn Yoo Joonghyuk was given to her in its entirety, while
she also possessed information from the 3rd turn Kim Dokja, as well. Most
importantly, though, she was an excellent writer.

The margins she couldn't fill up, they would instead be lived out by Yoo
Joonghyuk himself.

Yoo Joonghyuk, who'd take his breaths among the flowing contexts of the words,
and step above the hard ground covered by the pitch-black letters.

All she could do was to deliver such Yoo Joonghyuk's story.

Every time she wrote a single chapter, Kim Dokja's life was extended by yet
another day. As one sentence after another was compiled and recorded, her own
time also ticked forward little by little.

The 13-year-old Han Sooyoung became 14. Then, 15 years old.

A serialisation that would last for ten long, arduous years had begun.

It was tough. She didn't have enough stamina, and her young body was simply
too frail. Even then, Han Sooyoung endured. She thought about Kim Dokja beyond
the computer screen, also getting older like her. Kim Dokja, who hadn't died,
hadn't given up, and was still enduring his life.

 Dear author-nim, Today, Joonghyuk did...

Are you really enjoying a story like this?

Although half in doubt, Han Sooyoung still continued to write the story.

"The information I gave you will come in handy later down the line. So, take
a look whenever you have time."

The story would not end as long as someone was reading it.

That's how it was with the 1863rd regression turn, once thought to be the
last.

 Author-nim. I've been thinking, how about creating a new character by using
this opportunity...?

She checked the comments Kim Dokja left behind every day. As she was active
only around the early hours, communicating with him in real-time was
difficult, but she did reply to the questions that seemingly required one.

 Should I create another main character?

 If possible, might as well as make her a pretty female character...

 Aha, you mean a beautiful young girl.

Facial features more than enough to slap Yoo Joonghyuk's cheeks twice. A
beautiful young boy with brilliant blonde locks glared at Yoo Joonghyuk and
shouted out. "Hey you, dumpling man."

 ...But, author-nim??

Kim Dokja, 16 years old. 17, 18.

He'd consume this story and grow older, and eventually, become the 'Oldest
Dream'. Despite knowing that fact, Han Sooyoung still enjoyed this time
period. A world of a pure-white snowfield where letters were wandering around
freely. Above this world existed Kim Dokja, and so did Han Sooyoung.

 Author-nim. I was wondering if Joonghyuk-ie is suffering way too much
lately...

Sometimes, she'd put Yoo Joonghyuk through the wringer. It only happened
because of her desire to realistically copy and paste the story she already
knew. While writing the novel in this manner, she'd fall into a pit of
confusion every now and then.

Did this event really happen in the past?

Couldn't it be more like, it happened because I wrote this?

Whatever the truth was, she still gave it her all. She took pride in her work.
But at the same time, she had to admit that it was impossible for her to
completely rule over her own work.

With a pair of seething, boiling eyes, Yoo Joonghyuk glared up into the
heavens.

Sometime in the future, Yoo Joonghyuk created by the tips of her hands would
meet that Kim Dokja for real. Just thinking about that event nearly made her
go crazy from time to time.

 Unprecedented hit novel\! SSSSS-grade Infinite Regressor\!

Around that time, the 'daytime ego' began working as an author in earnest, as
well. Of course, she had stolen the nighttime Han Sooyoung's talents
wholesale, so there was no way that her novel would fail. Not only that, the
'daytime ego' even went to the trouble of creating an anonymous account to
leave behind a toxic comment on the 'Ways of Survival', too.

 I'm really worried about the life of the dear author-nim actually writing
this junk.

...What was even more flabbergasting was Kim Dokja's DM.

 Author-nim\! Do know about the novel called SSSSS-grade Infinite Regressor?
That novel's setting is exactly the same as the Ways of...

Han Sooyoung smirked and began typing her reply. She thought, right, the dude
writing a DM like this accused me of being a plagiarist during the 1863rd
turn, did you?

 I'm happy that my viewcount has gone up thanks to the exposure, actually.

When she was finished typing the reply, the faint rays of the daybreak had
cast onto the world outside the window. Starting from a while ago, she didn't
feel refreshed even after waking up. She'd often use up all of her allotted
time on writing the novel, and there were times when she couldn't endure the
fatigue anymore and fall asleep despite the self-regulated activity period not
having ended yet.

To make matters worse, her memories were gradually deteriorating, as well.

Information she heard from Yoo Joonghyuk, and received from Kim Dokja  she
couldn't recall them well. Things that happened back in the 1863rd turn were
getting blurrier. And also...

\[Your Story is being consumed.\]

Even the length of her self-regulated activity period was decreasing
gradually.

  

* * *

  

The time continued to tick by, and Han Sooyoung continued to write almost
every day.

At times, she couldn't wake up and ended up wasting an entire day. And due to
the worsening fatigue, the number of days she couldn't read Kim Dokja's
comments increased as well.

 Author-nim. I'll be joining the military the day after tomorrow. Looks like
I'll be sent to the frontlines.

 It's Kim Dokja. I'm here at Yanggu.

 Joonghyuk-ah... I wonder, have you ever shovelled snow before?

20 years old, 21, 22...

371st turn, 621st, 972nd...

As Yoo Joonghyuk's regression turn numbers grew higher, so did Kim Dokja's
age. Kim Dokja feeding on Yoo Joonghyuk's tragedy became a high school
student, then a university student and eventually, a soldier.

Han Sooyoung observed the growth of such a man.

Her free time decreased even more as the 'daytime ego', now an adult herself,
began staying up during the dawn as well. As the time to polish up the novel
gradually dissipated, the Dokkaebi King's role also naturally grew much more
substantial.

"Please don't worry. I shall fix all the errors," said the Dokkaebi King.

"Do you even know anything about grammar?"

"Yes, I do. I'm planning to earn my living that way. A publisher was looking
for a part-time proofreader, so I confidently applied for the position."

This guy still came across as somewhat unreliable, but she couldn't get anyone
else to help her, anyway. She definitely couldn't get the help from the
'daytime ego', for instance. A lot of her strength had been exhausted and her
forgetfulness had worsened greatly in recent times so it took a lot out of her
just to post a reply to Kim Dokja's comments.

And just like that, a few more years went by like fleeting magic.

While writing that sentence, Han Sooyoung thought that her life wasn't all
that different from Yoo Joonghyuk's, in some ways.

Sometimes, a life really did get omitted like this. However, that didn't mean
a life omitted as such left nothing of itself behind, either. That's what she
thought while staring at the novel numbering over 3000 chapters currently
compiled before her eyes.

On a certain day before the completion, Han Sooyoung opened up the platform's
chat window in order to write a comment as usual.

 Please don't give up, dear reader-nim.

...Did I post a comment like this before?

Initially, she figured this was a result of her typing some random things
while half-submerged in drowsiness. However, there was more than one post that
she couldn't remember ever posting here.

 To answer your question...

Just when did she post such replies before? No matter how hard she thought
about it, she couldn't recall. Not only that, the timestamps of the posts were
weird, as well.

 Actually, rather than a mistake in the setting, it's...

Han Sooyoung summoned the Dokkaebi King right away. When she did, the creature
wearing a fedora appeared from the thin air accompanied by the 'Tsu-chuchut\!'
noise.

She asked. "Did you write this?"

"Yes."

"On whose authority?"

"I sincerely apologise for not getting your permission beforehand. You seemed
very tired lately."

Han Sooyoung quietly stared at the Dokkaebi King.

This creature came to this world searching for its 'god'. And it now knew who
its creator was.

"Just what are you aiming for?"

"I am merely a 'storyteller'. And as it is with every storyteller, I love to
tell a great epic. The world you have created, of course."

"There is only one reader of this story, though."

"Do you really believe so?"

She narrowed her eyes and shot back. "I already know what you're scheming,
okay? You're planning to turn my novel into a 'paid service', aren't you?"

Ever since arriving in this world, she constantly thought about 'that day'.

The novel she wrote would become the 'scenario' that would go on to destroy
this universe. However, who would dare to do something so horrifying like
that? The answer was quite simple when she thought about it.

There was only one existence capable of doing something like that in this
world-line, after all.

"You brought me here for that very purpose, didn't you?"

"I won't deny that. Even though it hadn't been long since I realized what my
true role was."

Faint sparks were dancing all over the Dokkaebi King's body. That was the
evidence of the system's Probability growing stronger. Also, it meant that
this Dokkaebi was gradually regaining the power of the King of the
storytellers.

Han Sooyoung stared at the dancing sparks before speaking up. "...So, then. The
apocalypse will really begin, is that it?"

"Yes."

"Honestly, I don't get it at all. You know the chronological sequence doesn't
make sense, either."

"...The chronological sequence?"

"The only reason why I can write this is because Yoo Joonghyuk will live his
life in the future, and Kim Dokja had read the novel. But for me to write a
novel that Kim Dokja will read, that's..."

"...The time paradox. That's what humans call this. However, there are universes
that do operate on that principle. A universe where the future is written
before the past, and the cause is created for the purpose of the end result.
I'm sure you're already familiar with such a universe?"

Han Sooyoung frowned as if to ask, what on earth are you talking about?

The Dokkaebi King grinned and lightly tapped the computer monitor. "Aren't you
currently writing one?"

The stray thoughts and fragments of letters she had thrown around could be
found in there.

Countless scenes existing outside the time itself, outside the world, waiting
to be connected as one. Some scenes became futures despite being written
earlier, while some scenes, despite being written later, became the past. Han
Sooyoung's eyes trembled. "...Are you saying this whole universe is just a
novel?"

"If I am to compare it, then yes, something like that."

The letters within the screen seemed to ripple. Letters wishing to be loved by
someone were flowing outside the monitor after forming pairs and groups with
each other.

Sentences, that sparkled like the stars.

Some sentences willingly became the darkness for other sentences, while a
certain sentence became light only through those dark words. Some sentences
existed for the next sentence, while the next sentence gained its meaning
because the first sentence existed.

"There is no 'before and after' in this universe. And that is precisely the
reason why the 'First World-line' is being completed very last." Within this
giant, endlessly connecting chain, the Dokkaebi King was smiling rapturously.
"The universe was created just now, but at the same time, it has existed for
the past billions of years, as well. And a certain beginning only appears
after the apocalypse has commenced."

Sentences cascaded like a meteor shower.

<Star Stream> was singing towards its god.

Because Han Sooyoung wrote the Ways of Survival, Kim Dokja got to read it.

Because Kim Dokja read the Ways of Survival, Yoo Joonghyuk began his
regression.

Because Yoo Joonghyuk began his regression, Han Sooyoung was able to write the
'Ways of Survival'.

She might have written them, but these words were completed only after leaving
her hands.

The story that would save someone, destroy, and help him live.

Han Sooyoung stared at the horrifying trajectory drawn out by those words and
became acutely aware of the fact that she had been thrown into this
neverending cycle.

She might be the author responsible for creating this world, but she was also
a powerless god. A god that couldn't even save a single reader. A god who was
simply a part of this vast, boundless story.

\[<Star Stream> is smiling in your direction.\]

"Now, behold. Isn't this a truly perfect story?"


