### Chapter 265: Ep. 50 - Dokja's Story, II

There were a total of three 'reinforcements' that Yoo Joonghyuk invited. Beast
Master Shin Yoosung, Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung and...

"Hyunsung-ssi\! Please take Dokja-ssi out of here\!"

Ariadne's web shot through the air and placed me on Lee Hyunsung's back. A
woman in a cat suit was running through the sky with the Hermes Walking
Method. It was the incarnation of Olympus, Yoo Sangah.

"Yoosung, fire the breath from a long distance\! Continue until Hyunsung-ssi
leaves\!"

The chimera dragon roared and fired a breath. The Apocalypse Imoogi screamed
like it was quite painful.

\[The constellation 'Master of Steel' has given a great probability to his
incarnation.\]

\[The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' is supporting her
incarnation.\]

\[The constellation 'Master of the Skywalk' is supporting his incarnation.\]

The constellations supporting Lee Hyunsung and Yoo Sangah seemed to be
struggling. Thanks to Yoo Sangah's commands, I was forcibly carried on Lee
Hyunsung's shoulder.

"...Lee Hyunsung-ssi."

"Stay still, Dokja-ssi."

"You don't have to do this. I can move now."

Lee Hyunsung didn't loosen his hard arms at my words. The only thing he did
was silently climb the gorge. Once the top of the gorge could be seen, Lee
Hyunsung opened his mouth. "Dokja-ssi, have you ever thrown a grenade?"

"...Grenade?"

"To use a grenade, you have to go through three steps. Remove the safety clip,
remove the safety pin and throw it.

"I know because I've thrown it in the training camp."

"Then you know how important the safety pin is for a grenade."

I realized what Lee Hyunsung was trying to say.

"I lost the safety pin."

"...Wasn't it the bullet shell last time?"

"I thought that I shouldn't lose it again." Lee Hyunsung turned his head and
looked back at me. "Once the safety pin is inserted, it must be done well."

Soon after, we reached the top of the gorge. At the bottom, Yoo Sangah and
Shin Yoosung were riding the chimera dragon out of the gorge. I saw Shin
Yoosung's brightly smiling face and my heart felt complicated.

"Hyunsung-ssi."

"...Yes."

I knew what Lee Hyunsung wanted to say. He had been a soldier all his life so
this was the only way he could express it.

"Thank you for coming."

I heard a sniffling sound but pretended not to know anything. After a while,
something rolled like an acorn and crashed into my leg.

"Ahjussi\!"

She hugged my tattered leg like it was precious.

"It's been a while, Yoosung."

Shin Yoosung nodded vigorously when her face against my coat. I patted Shin
Yoosung's back while Yoo Sangah approached. "It has been a long time, Dokja-
ssi."

"Yes. Have you been well?"

Well, it was a stupid question. Since the scenario started, no one could be
well.

"You are the same, Dokja-ssi."

Yoo Sangah's smile wasn't false. Before the destruction of the world and after
the destruction, Yoo Sangah was the only one who laughed at my jokes.

"The others..."

"Only we came. Heewon-ssi and the kids wanted to come as well but..."

"I tossed the coin with Lee Gilyoung and won\!"

Shin Yoosung interrupted with a laugh. I see. My life was decided by throwing
a coin. I stroked Shin Yoosung's head and said, "Thank you Yoo Sangah-ssi."

"I was just thinking about going. There was a bad sign from Dokja-ssi's Good
or Bad Luck, Disaster or Happiness Fortune.

"Good or Bad Luck, Disaster or Happiness Fortune?"

I knew this skill. There was only one constellation on the Korean Peninsula
who had it.

"Yes, it showed 'great misfortune'. Sooyoung and I were wondering about who
should go when Yoo Joonghyuk contacted us..."

I roughly understood what was going on. I didn't think Han Sooyoung and Yoo
Sangah would throw a coin so... Yoo Sangah probably came because Han Sooyoung
had a problem. Han Sooyoung seemed to be doing well with the job I entrusted
to her.

"Sooyoung-ssi also wanted to come."

"Ah... yes. Indeed."

It was a lie. She disliked me.

Then there was a rumbling sound from a bush. I was so excited to meet my
companions again that I forgot the game wasn't over. I rushed through the
forest area with the group and asked, "Are you aware of the situation?"

Yoo Sangah nodded. "I heard the story from Bihyung."

Yoo Joonghyuk might be playing in the tanker position with Ruler of Amusement
but by now, his health would've almost reached the bottom.

The second game would be decided here.

The chimera dragon let out a burst of wind and the nearby trees collapsed. The
battlefield where the constellations was fighting was clearly revealed.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk glanced this way from where he was surrounded by constellations.

 You're late. 

He was still arrogant but the blood flowing from his body made him seem like
he was dying.

\[You\! He has a sentence\!\]

Perhaps there was a special skill to determine this as one constellation
screamed.

Apart from our team, the number of participants remaining was six. Our side
had only five people, including the new reinforcements. In addition, Yoo
Joonghyuk was in a state where he almost couldn't fight anymore.

\[Go\!\]

As the all-out combat began, the constellations set up a formation centered
around the Founder of Humanity and General of Vanara. The first one to run
towards them was Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung.

"I\! Won't\! Lost\! It\! Again\!"

Lee Hyunsung flew forward and started to fight with the narrative-grade
constellation, Manu.

Manu frowned like he was displeased to exchange blows with an incarnation. His
powerful 'status' burned at Manu's fingertips and the steel shell was slightly
softened, but Lee Hyunsung didn't back down.

\[The constellation 'Master of Steel' is looking at the 'Founder of
Humanity'.\]

The Founder of Humanity was narrative-grade but so was the Master of Steel. I
looked at the thorns of Steel Transformation rising around Lee Hyunsung's body
and I could only guess how harsh the personal scenarios that he completed
were. It wasn't a position that more than 10 incarnations could reach. The
current Lee Hyunsung showed an overwhelming growth potential than the Lee
Hyunsung of any other rounds.

Yoo Sangah watched the scene and also ran forward. "I'll take Olympus."

\[This girl, are you crazy?\]

King Oedipus discovered Yoo Sangah. The two of them both belonged to Olympus.
However, based on what I heard from Dionysus, Olympus was currently in the
middle of a civil war.

\[Master of the Skywalk\! You're making the wrong choice right now\!\]

I didn't know the exact situation but it was obvious that a group led by
Dionysus and Hermes was trying to be independent from the existing Olympus.

Yoo Sangah started fighting with King Oedipus while Shin Yoosung moved the
chimera dragon.

The condensed breath covered the battlefield. The constellations who couldn't
avoid it screamed.

\[There are 10 minutes remaining.\]

The second round was reaching its end. At this moment, the points of each team
were almost equal. The constellations were desperate. Several constellations
headed towards the chimera dragon and the dragon and Shin Yoosung were in a
crisis.

The dragon wasn't able to use its force because it consumed quite a lot of
power when dealing with the Apocalypse Imoogi.

\[A hatchling\! It is only big\!\]

It would be our side that was disadvantageous if this round ended in a draw.
The game would flow into the third game and if we didn't win, we would have to
deal with the constellations on a stage where the penalty had disappeared.

Yoo Joonghyuk knew this fact and pointed to Duke Bercan. "Kill the duke. He
has the sentence."

I nodded.

"I will create a path." Yoo Joonghyuk squeezed out his magic power and used
Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

\[They are aiming for the sentence\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk slashed and slashed again to create a road. He used his last
force to draw a huge semicircle on the ground and the constellations rushed at
him.

 I'll leave it to you, Kim Dokja. 

Yoo Joonghyuk was pierced in the heart by Manu's spear.

\[The helper 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has been killed\!\]

He stood upright even at the moment of death. The constellations turned to me
after Yoo Joonghyuk disappeared. The Primitive Spear and a ray of light headed
my way. However, the bombardment didn't reach me.

"Dokja-ssi\!"

Lee Hyunsung activated Steel Transformation to block the attacks of the
constellations. The hot heat and shock would be terribly painful but Lee
Hyunsung seemed more energetic. Duke Bercan could be seen in the distance.

\[There are five minutes remaining.\]

"Hyunsung-ssi, throw me."

"It isn't possible. Doing that again...\!"

"You have to throw the grenade after pulling out the safety pin." I stared
into Lee Hyunsung's shaky eyes. "Even if I die here, I won't really die."

The real death was losing this Demon King Selection. Lee Hyunsung watched for
a while before closing and opening his eyes. Lee Hyunsung's eyes returned to
that of a soldier. "I won't believe your lie again\!"

"No, now isn't the time to be stubborn"

"If you die, we will die together\!"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is greatly pleased.\]

"I must do this."

Then Lee Hyunsung started running with me on his back. Manu was hit by the
rushing Lee Hyunsung and rolled on the floor like a bowling pin.

\[Keeok\! Cheeky incarnation...\!\]

No one was able to stop the berserk Lee Hyunsung. At least, it looked like
that.

\[Proud child. As I said earlier, it is barely 'history'.\]

Lee Hyunsung's movements were stopped by a powerful 'status'. The Supreme God
of Light Surya had recovered his strength and was blocking the way. His Third
Eyes might not work properly but he was still a Lokapala of Vedas. He had the
power to stop us.

His four arms moved and the entire ground shook as the running Lee Hyunsung
was pushed back. He tried running again but the same thing repeated.

\[The place where you are standing now is a place for humans. A human who
keeps repeating the same mistakes.\]

I triggered Electrification from Lee Hyunsung's back. My fists stretched out
and struck Surya's torso.

Even so, Surya didn't budge. The transparent shield created by the four arms
smothered all my attacks.

\[Only this much? Are you really trying to see the end of the scenario?\]

It was the power to deny all the history I had accumulated. Electrification
and the Purest Sword Force didn't work.

\[The times have changed. Only this much history...\]

There was such a gap despite only 30% of his power being available. What would
happen if 100% of the power was opened?

Then a new voice was heard. "Don't ignore ahjussi\!"

Shin Yoosung shouted from the head of the chimera dragon. The breath poured
out at Shin Yoosung's signal. Surya swung his arms and scattered the breath.

Lee Hyunsung leapt through this gap. His Steel Transformation body collided
with Surya. Surya, who had been unmoved by countless attacks, shook for the
first time.

"Uwaaaaaah\!" Lee Hyunsung swung his fists towards Surya like a madman. Lee
Hyunsung didn't stop despite the Steel Transformation around his fists
cracking, blood splashing and bones breaking.

\[The 73rd Demon Realm is responding to the will of you and your helpers.\]

\[A new story about you is being made.\]

The human's will to challenge a god was causing cracks in the defensive wall.
A little break. It was a very small crack that human history created.

"Hyunsung-ssi."

Lee Hyunsung and I didn't miss this gap. As if throwing a grenade, Lee
Hyunsung threw my body that had become small through Miniaturization. I broke
through the barrier created by Surya's arms and rushed to Duke Bercan. Duke
Bercan turned his head with surprise while I activated and my side pierced his
neck.

\[The participant 'Demon King of Salvation' has killed the participant 'Duke
Bercan'\!\]

...I did it. Along with the triumphant victory, countless system messages flowed
into my head. Before I could read the messages, a power squeezed at me. At the
last moment, I saw Surya's face.

\[You have died.\]


