### Chapter 462: Ep. 87 - The Heart of Steel, IV

"Hyunsung-ie will do it right."

"Hey, it's still not too late. Tie the PET bottles to your legs and jump from
the third floor."

"Others eventually all serve, anyway. So it's fine. Come back after becoming a
man."

Those were pretty common advice given to someone about to be drafted, just
like his life. A life too busy chasing after what everyone else was doing.

Just like everyone else, he had to sing 'Private's Letter', and without a best
friend nor a girlfriend to bid him goodbye, walked into the recruit training
center.

"53rd trainee."

"53rd trainee Lee Hyunsung, here\!"

Lee Hyunsung's early military life wasn't so bad. Thanks to his naturally-tall
height and well-built muscles, he even got recommended to become a commander-
in-training, too. He would've even graduated the training course with
citations were it not for messing up the commander's pledge repeatedly.

"Trainee, do you think the words of your training supervisor are a joke??"

He realized it from an early age that he was rather slow-witted. Didn't matter
what it was, he learned it later than everyone else, and he was also rather
slow in analysing his situations, too.

Even then, he managed to live on relatively fine all because there were some
people who appreciated his relaxed and honest personality. Unfortunately,
there were no such people to be found in the army.

"Just why do I have to be paired with him in the buddy system..."

"A big freaking body and nothing much besides..."

Lee Hyunsung endured the trainee life even as he was subjected to various
insults and ridicules.

By the time he completed the training course, he became someone who could
finish showering in five minutes or pack his sleeping gear in less than one
minute.

Not too long afterwards, the moment he'd be dispatched to a base had arrived.
This was the moment he had been waiting forever since he got drafted.

 Giving away sweet tips to those about to join the army. Follow these
instructions after you get to a base. \(HOT\!\) \[812\]

From the shoe inserts to use during prolonged marching, to being loved by his
seniors after he got assigned to a base  the so-called 'sweet tips' on the
internet he diligently studied the day before joining the military was his
only hope.

His fellow trainees left one by one.

He was the last one remaining. And the person to come fetch him was a person
named 'Sergeant first class Jung'. A steel hat deeply pressed on this person's
head obscured their face.

"You, come with me."

While he rode on the noisy military truck headed to somewhere, Lee Hyunsung
thought about his life one more time. He thought about the next couple of
years ahead, as well as the trials and tribulations waiting for him.

His new army base was in the middle of a small mountain. And so, this would be
where his army life would begin proper. He finished the simple registration
process for a new recruit with the aid of a manager and headed off to the
barracks.

And the moment he opened the building's door wide...

 You must definitely do this.

Lee Hyunsung did exactly what the internet tip said he should do.

"Accept your newbie-\!\!"

If this was a regular army, his army life would've come to an end right there.
That was, if this was the regular army base.

As his duffel bag was flung in the air, everything around him slowed down to a
crawl, like a slow-motion video. The bag slowly came undone mid-air; unwashed
army-issue underwears, toilet papers, and soap he used back in the boot camp
very slowly scattered in the air. Also, Lee Hyunsung's own triumphant,
confident face, filled with the hope of his upcoming army life...

As this scene resembling a tragedy-filled movie played out, someone suddenly
asked a question.

 ...What should we do?

That elicited a reply from someone else.

 Nothing much. This is who Hyunsung-ssi is. In any case, let's accept this
reality. The hardcore treatment last time didn't work, so this time, let's go
with the promised 'progressive army' concept...

 Stop being noisy and get it started already, Kim Dokja.

 ...Well then, let's start over again\!

And then, the scene began moving forward again.

Splat\!

His duffel bag shooting forward seemingly out of a cannon crashed on the floor
like a real cannon shell.

The atmosphere became icy in an instant as if someone poured cold water. And
the glares of his seniors belatedly stabbed into Lee Hyunsung. Cold sweat
trickled down his back. Could it be... that he made a mistake?

Right next moment.

Sergeant first class Jung grinned brightly and clapped hands. "Begin your
smile exercise, now\! Hahahaha\! Wow, now that was funny\! My first time
seeing such a refreshing debut\!"

That prompted the seniors in the barracks to give him a standing ovation as if
they were waiting for this moment.

"Rookie-nim, really well done\!"

"Wonderful job."

As the sounds of hands clapping resounded out, Lee Hyunsung grew even more
puzzled, but still, his triumphant air returned. The 'sweet' tip had been
right.

Sergeant first class Jung spoke towards the soldiers. "Joonghyuk-ie, you're
his direct senior, so take good care of this guy."

"...Understood."

The noisy atmosphere continued on. In the meantime, Lee Hyunsung discovered a
senior tidying up his scattered belongings on the floor for him.

His uniform was perfectly straight, the light in his eyes sharp and fierce,
and his face was like a fine sculpture. His chest was home to the army service
ribbon of Private first class, and the name tag of 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.

'Ah, so this person is my direct senior'.

It was then, this senior's scary eyes landed on Lee Hyunsung.

"I, I'm Private second class, Lee Hyunsung\!\!"

"Your spot is this way."

His stuff had been gathered up in the blink of an eye and was placed in the
locker. Other seniors looked impressed as if they were expecting it.

"Newbie, watch and learn from him. Joonghyuk-ie is our base's ace, you see?"

Just from looking at the atmosphere of his seniors, he could already tell what
kind of a being his direct senior was. That perfectly-set beret, that
perfectly-set bedding  it was as if everywhere this person touched sparkled
brightly. If he could carry on his army life just like this senior...

"What's this? We have a newbie?"

It was at this moment that a cheerful voice came from the entrance. A man's
face caked in sweat as if he was returning from a hard day's work was there.

Lee Hyunsung confirmed the rank of sergeant as the man brushed past him and he
quickly performed a military salute. "Loyalty\!"

"Ah, ah. Don't be so tense. It's fine." The sergeant studied Lee Hyunsung's
face before breaking out in a grin. He then shifted his gaze towards Private
first-class Yoo Joonghyuk. "Looks like our Joonghyuk-ie's military life is
about to get a whole lot easier now? He's already got himself a direct junior
and all."

The complexion of the man snickering away was far too pale for a soldier. But,
why was this? The moment he saw this man, Lee Hyunsung felt this sensation of
the deepest corner of his heart ache a little.

Soldiers confirmed the face of the man and shouted out.

"Sergeant Kim Dokja-nim\! Good to see you back from your hard day's work\!"

"Alright, men. By the way, why isn't Joonghyuk-ie greeting me?"

"...Wel...come... back..."

Private first-class Yoo Joonghyuk trembled visibly, his complexion ashen-
white. It felt as his scowl didn't form out of fear, but more like out of
sheer rage, instead

Sergeant Kim Dokja shrugged his shoulders after observing his reaction, then
spoke up. "Welcome to our squad, Lee Hyunsung."

"I'm Private second class, Lee Hyunsung\! Sir\!"

This was the first meeting between Lee Hyunsung and the squad leader Kim
Dokja.

...As far as the former's memories were concerned, that was.

  

* * *

  

About two weeks went by since he was shipped out.

During that time, Lee Hyunsung got to learn various things about this base.
For instance, about Sergeant Kim Dokja, the de facto authority in the squad he
belonged to.

"Got it? If that fool Yoo Joonghyuk does something out of line, you must tell
me right away."

"P-Private second class, Lee Hyunsung\!\! There's no such thing\!"

"Nope, listen. Such a thing will happen. You already suffered plenty of
times."

"...I think I misheard you, sir?"

And then, Private first class Yoo Joonghyuk who always stayed by his side and
led by example, and also glared at Sergeant Kim Dokja every single chance he
got.

"Polish your military boots this way."

"P-private second class, Lee Hyunsung\! I'll work hard\!\!"

"Working hard has no meaning. The important thing is doing it right."

Also, medical officer Lieutenant Yoo, who periodically showed up to do health
check-ups.

"Mm, you have a bruising on your leg... Should I just have you discharged for
health reasons?"

"P-Private second class Lee Hyunsung\!\! I'll be fine\!"

"Then, should I stitch you up? I'm pretty good with needles."

Then, Sergeant first class Jung who seemed to be disinterested yet also
meticulous, and sometimes looking at Lee Hyunsung with a saddened expression.

"...How is it? You good?"

"P-Private second class, Lee Hyunsung\!\! I'll do my utmost best\!\!"

"It's fine if you don't. You always try your best anyway."

...Everyone here, they all had something weird about them.

"For the sake of establishing the culture of progressive army environment\!"

However, if he were to pick the strangest person out of them all, then...

"All soldiers must read webnovels during their downtime. Reading webnovels is
the alpha and omega of a productive downtime."

...It was none other than the squad commander, Captain Han.

"That's enough\! It's your downtime now\! All of you, read webnovels."

"Lo\! Yalty\!"

That's how Lee Hyunsung's dream-like soldier life began. However, he had no
idea.

\[Currently, <Kim Dokja's Company> is challenging the Memory Experience
Center's 'I lost a shell by mistake'.\]

\[Applicable Experience Center's difficulty is rated hardest.\]

\[Number of attempts to clear it is currently 3.\]

He had no idea that this soldier life wasn't his first time.

  

* * *

  

It didn't really need to be explained, but the total number of people
participating in this scenario was five. Yoo Joonghyuk, Yoo Sangah, Jung
Heewon, Han Sooyoung, and myself.

On a side note, the hidden scenario we got was this.

<Hidden scenario  I lost a shell by mistake>

Type: Hidden

Difficulty: ???

Clear condition: Incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung' is trapped in his own memories.
Resolve his trauma and rescue him from his memories.

Time limit: ???

Reward: Lee Hyunsung's return, possibility of acquiring main prize item
related to strengthening of <Oz>'s profile.

Failure: Acceleration of <Oz>'s destruction.

What a nonsensical scenario it was. The time limit shown as question marks
already put us in a bit of spot, yet the clear condition and the failure
penalty were even more disconcerting.

Sergeant first class Jung Heewon-nim... no, hang on, just Jung Heewon, asked a
question. "Sergeant Kim Dokja."

"Yes?"

"Let's forget about the rest for now. But this, why would <Oz> be destroyed if
we fail?"

"There are two possible theories. One, that's how low the <Oz>'s profile has
fallen, and... two, it could mean some kind of physical danger."

Along with a 'Boom\!\!' a slender ripple-like thing spread from the far side
of the skies. I recalled the Nebulas that chased us to this place. It was
possible that they had begun their invasion in earnest. If that was the case,
then we didn't have all that much time.

Maybe he heard the rippling noise, Lee Hyunsung and his pale-white complexion
quickly ran towards us from afar.

"Sergeant Kim\!\!"

"Yeah, Hyunsung-ah."

"Looks like North Korea is attacking us\!\!"

"Nah, it's alright. Go take a break."

"Loyalty\!"

Lee Hyunsung seemed lost as to what to do next, but eventually headed off to
the corner of the base and began practising national military gymnastics
exercise he hadn't mastered yet.

Jung Heewon watched him and muttered to me. "Can Hyunsung-ssi really return to
us?"

"I'm not sure. But we must try."

This was already our third attempt.

The first try was a failure as many of my companions didn't know much about
the army \(I was the only person who served among our group, actually\) and
the second try ended up as another failure all thanks to Yoo Joonghyuk's
hardcore treatment.

Yoo Joonghyuk forming a scowl next to us piped up. "Frustrating. Lee Hyunsung
must be put through his paces so that he can wake up faster. Have you
forgotten about the events of Kaizenix?"

"We already tried that during our second try."

"I can do better given another chance."

"You should know better than anyone that's not true."

"..."

"You know that saving someone else is never that easy."

This Yoo Joonghyuk had gone through the third regression turn... or, possibly
even the 1864th turn. So, he should know it even if I didn't bring it up.

"Lee Hyunsung\! The order of your exercise is wrong\!"

...Or, it's possible that he didn't know.

Yoo Joonghyuk strode towards the frightened Lee Hyunsung in big steps.

I watched the two of them doing the military gymnastics exercise side by side
and murmured to Jung Heewon. "I think staying here for too long will be bad
for us. Even Yoo Joonghyuk's acting strange."

"...He is?"

"He's never served in the army, yet he's adapting to it just too well."

I watched Yoo Joonghyuk perform the gymnastics exercise with near-religious
zeal. There was an event during the 144th regression turn where he wrongly
received a transfusion of Lee Hyunsung's 'Military Story' and went insane.

If more time went by inside here and yet another Story like Mad Soldier Yoo
Joonghyuk was created in the process, then...

Jung Heewon replied. "Isn't it a good thing that he's adapting really well?"

"Yes, he's adapting well, but the problem is with how poorly he's treating me,
his senior in rank. The military nowadays have become really soft, I have to
say. Back when I was in the army..."

"Dokja-ssi, you're just sour that Joonghyuk-ssi never served, right? I mean,
he was exempted, wasn't he?"

I replied to her in a calm manner. "...In any case, the situation isn't so bad
if we exclude that part. Just by us being here, the planet <Oz>'s profile is
rising up, after all."

\[Currently, a large number of Constellations are paying attention to the
applicable scenario\!\]

Maybe the rumour of <Kim Dokja's Company> creating yet another bizarre Story
had made rounds out there because visitors to Biyoo's channel had increased.

I couldn't be sure, but those Nebulas targetting us right outside the planet
were probably watching us right now. If they couldn't attack us immediately,
then taking advantage of the situation would be a smart thing to do.

\[Many Constellations have entered the applicable channel\!\]

\[Planet <Oz>'s fame is spreading far and wide\!\]

\[Brand new Story related to Incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung' is germinating\!\]

The strange thing was, the newly-entering Constellations weren't the people
that I knew of. Uriel, the Great Sage, the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon,
Goreyo's First Sword... as if they were the tidewater receding away, all the
Modifiers I was glad to see were nowhere to be found.

An ominous foreboding crept up in my mind. Did something happen to them?

\[Portion of Constellations are eagerly waiting for Incarnation 'Lee
Hyunsung's return\!\]

I need to conclude this scenario quickly so that I may get to find out what's
going on, but...

"Is there really a need to clear it, though?"

"Pardon?"

Jung Heewon didn't reply and stared in Lee Hyunsung's direction. While under
the guidance of Yoo Joonghyuk, he was continuing to perform the exercise
routine as sweat trickled down his face. Maybe he got the order right this
time because Yoo Joonghyuk could be seen nodding his head. Lee Hyunsung looked
elated.

\[Character 'Lee Hyunsung' is feeling happy\!\]

"Because he always harped on about manual this and manual that, I thought that
Hyunsung-ssi was a natural-born soldier."

I agreed with her assessment, so I ended up nodding along.

Lee Hyunsung's backstory wasn't discussed in-depth within the Ways of
Survival.

The man named Lee Hyunsung, who lived and died by the rules of the field
manual. But such a man was in reality, as far removed from those manuals than
anything else out there.

This world was where Lee Hyunsung's manual had come to life.

\[Character 'Lee Hyunsung' likes this place.\]

Jung Heewon smiled powerlessly and spoke in a sorrowful voice. "In a way,
taking him away from here could be us being greedy."

Certainly, Lee Hyunsung might be happier by remaining in <Oz>. Instead of
wandering inside the hellish scenarios, spending simple, comfortable time
within his memories could be a better life for him.

Ku-gugugu...

It was then, we heard yet another deafening boom.

Just as I was about to exchange glances with Jung Heewon, several channel
messages floated up one after the other.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' has entered the channel\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' has entered the channel\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Goreyo's First Sword' has entered the channel\!\]

All those vanished Constellations had returned to the channel at once. Just
before I could ask what happened, though...

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is trying to warn you of...\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

\[All indirect messaging within the channel has been restricted.\]

...The indirect message was cut off.

I raised my head to discover Biyoo forming a surprised expression. Obviously,
this wasn't her doing, so... In that case, who?

Another boom spread out from the skies. Accompanying the noise akin to a giant
drum being torn apart, the heavens far away began cracking up.

Craaaaack.

"...Dokja-ssi."

Something was going wrong here.


