### Chapter 314: Ep. 59 - Kim Dokja's Company, V

Along with the message, the swirling of the portal quickly subsided. The party
members waiting were confused. Jung Heewon was the one who raised the question
first. "...Entry was refused? What is this?"

I once again called out the destination.

\[Olympus is currently refusing all visitors.\]

\[The Olympus scenario will open after seven days.\]

After seven days? At this point, something flashed in my mind.

\[A small nebula is quite ambitious, actually thinking about going to
Olympus.\]

The true voice came from a constellation sitting at the fountain next to the
portal. Based on his calm but violent pressure, he was a warrior who had
struggled for a long time before becoming a constellation. His body was bigger
than Lee Hyunsung and there was a long spear on his back... wait, a spear?

\[Hrmm, your impressions are familiar... where did you come from?\]

I replied on behalf of the party members. "Earth."

\[Hoh, I'm from there. It's a pleasure. Where on Earth? It it on the continent
side?\]

"The Korean Peninsula."

"Neighbourhood friends\! There seem to be some decent ones there.\]

I became more convinced after hearing the constellation's easy laugh. A large
one-handed spear resembling the head of a snake...

The man rose from the fountain with a grunt and walked away. Han Sooyoung came
to be side and said, "Hey, that constellation? The battle of Changban?"

"That's right."

A historical-grade constellation who was one of China's greatest warriors
along with Guan Yoo and Xiang Yoo. He was arguably the tiger official of the
battle of Changban, Zhang Fei.

Lee Jihye was surprised by the overheard whisper and asked, "Really? Is he
that Zhang Fei guy?"

I nodded. The expressions of the party members were spectacular. They didn't
show this much reaction when they met Surya...

I could see the status of the Three Kingdoms in South Korea. Even Lee Hyunsung
was flustered as he hurriedly took out a soldier's handbook. "Excuse me Dokja-
ssi. I'm a big fan of the Three Kingdoms. Can I get his autograph..."

"You will often experience this in the future. Many of the historical figures
we know have become constellations."

I looked around the square with the party members. The previously quiet square
was already crowded with constellations and incarnations.

\[Recruiting participants for the 53rd scenario\!\]

\[Looking for an incarnation to be a tanker to obtain the story.\]

Crude true voices were heard from all over the place. It was possible to build
up full-fledged stories after the 47th scenario. Therefore, historical-grade
constellations would often organize small parties to target the scenario. Jung
Heewon spoke like she couldn't believe these beings had sponsored us so far.

"All of a sudden, the dignity of the constellations has fallen off."

"In fact, most of them are low-grade. They haven't fallen. It is just that our
status has risen."

"We'll have to break those scenarios after saving Sangah-ssi?"

"As Bihyung said, we don't have to clear them all."

I stared at the flashing scenario billboard in the sky.

We invite you to battle against the giant gods in Gigantomachia of Olympus.

Among the scenarios after the 47th scenario, there were many large scenarios
created by the direct intervention of the nebulae or bureau. One of the
representatives of this was Gigantomachia, which was regularly run by Olympus.

Some of the constellations saw the advertisement and mumbled, "Is it real this
time? Will the ancient giants be released from Tartarus?"

"Hey, you said that a dozen years ago but they didn't."

"This time is different? The atmosphere is very suspicious. There is talk of
internal conflict in Olympus."

"Are they pretending to be fighting?"

I listened to the conversation and saw the ensuing commercial. It was a video
showing Olympus having a brilliant battle with the giants. A trident split
apart the sea, the ranks of the giants were crushed and the soldiers commanded
by the 'Atrocious God of War' rushed towards the bodies of the giants. The
'Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom' cut the neck of a giant and the Goddess of
Love and Beauty made finger hearts. The end of the advertisement was Dionysus
raising his glass in celebration of the war.

The best scenario in the Star Stream will start after a week\!

Three of the scenario participants will be selected to receive a 'limited
edition' weapon made by the Volcanic Blacksmith.

Scenario admission: 100,000 coins.

Lee Gilyoung watched the advertisement to the end and asked me, "Dokja hyung,
I have to pay an admission fee to clear that scenario?"

"Yes."

"A scam\!"

"Well, it's a business. Olympus gets income from the Star Stream by providing
scenarios. The dokkaebis advertise it and redistribute the income."

Jung Heewon laughed in a dumbfounded way at my words. "It is a hustle. So
desperate..."

"We will make them desperate."

Jung Heewon made a stiff expression and nodded. "What will we do now? Should
we wait a week? Won't the Olympus scenario start in a week?"

I shook my head. The remaining time was three months. It was important not to
waste any time.

"Gigantomachia is a giant story scenario and we need to be thoroughly prepared
to challenge it. For now, Yoo Sangah's situation is urgent and we should find
another way."

The flow of consciousness was rare but other incarnations had suffered from
it. If it wasn't Olympus then it was likely that a nebula of a similar level
would know how to treat Yoo Sangah.

I pondered carefully before making various plans. There were two major things
to be gained here.

"We will split up the party here. Han Sooyoung, take the others to the
auction. Maybe Yoo Joonghyuk will be there too. The party member's equipment
should be changed. Buy some clothes for the kids."

"What if I don't have enough money?"

"Here are some coins."

Han Sooyoung quickly stretched out her finger. I touched Han Sooyoung's index
finger and exchanged coins. Han Sooyoung's eyes bugged out when she saw the
number of coins.

"You know, you are really rich."

"Use it sparingly. I didn't give you a lot."

"Hey kids, let's make Kim Dokja's Company go bankrupt\!"

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung shouted with excitement and followed Han
Sooyoung. I spoke to Lee Jihye and Lee Hyunsung. "Go with them. There are many
star relics available at the constellations' auction site."

"T-Then we'll follow\!"

"Thank you ahjussi\!

Lee Jihye and Lee Hyunsung ran like the wind and chased after Han Sooyoung. I
grabbed Jung Heewon's shoulder as she was about to follow.

"Heewon-ssi, remain here. There is a place you should come with me."

  

* * *

  

After a while, I took Jung Heewon to a department store. It was one of the
branches of the Dokkaebi Mart in the Context of the Constellations city.

The moment we entered, a large dokkaebi blocked our way. \[I'm sorry but only
platinum members can enter.\]

Perhaps it was due to our shabby appearance but there was slight contempt in
the dokkaebi's eyes. Rather than arguing, I opened the Dokkaebi Bag to confirm
my rating.

\[A diamond member?\]

The flustered dokkaebi compared my modifier to the list of customers and his
eyes widened.

\[I-I'm really sorry\! Is this your first visit to the store? Hey, call the
manager and staff members\! If there is any inconvenience in your shopping\]

"There is no need. Don't call them because it is a hassle."

I refused and passed the dokkaebi. Jung Heewon spoke in a thrilled manner.
"Dokja-ssi is like a third-generation chaebol1."

"I am the company's boss."

"By the way, what is this department store?"

I quickly scanned Jung Heewon. She wore an old uniform and had the Sword of
Judgment hanging from her waist. The clothes had been stained with blood
thanks to countless battles over the past three years and the sword was much
sharper and redder than before.

"How can a company that makes fun of an employee's welfare succeed?"

"Well, I deserve that."

We stood in front of a display stand in a corner of the store. They were
masterpieces of the Mass Production Maker's first generation products.

I observed the products with cautious eyes and took out two neat suits. It was
an SSS-grade armour with a practicality that wasn't bad for the 47th scenario.
However, Jung Heewon was confused. "Why do you want to dress up all of a
sudden?"

"We have to go somewhere pretty formal."

We each changed into the suit. The suit became the right size the moment we
wore it.

Jung Heewon wore the suit and looked like a presidential bodyguard. By the
way, I didn't know what type of person Jung Heewon was before the
destruction.Character List didn't give such information and she was barely in
the original Ways of Survival.

"What was Heewon-ssi's previous job? Can I ask?"

"Well, the last thing I did was a bartender. It was just a part-time job. If
it is a job... then a regular person who switches between part-time jobs?" Jung
Heewon shrugged while scratching her head. "I used to exercise."

"Exercise?"

"I did kendo in middle and high school. I quit competing due to injuries. What
about Dokja-ssi?"

"I was a contract employee with a gaming company. I was destined to soon be
fired."

We were silent for a moment. The man and women stood in front of a mirror
dressed in suits. I could see some constellation's incarnation bodies glancing
at us as they passed. The Jung Heewon in the mirror asked, "Dokja-ssi, are you
happier now then you were before?"

"If you're saying that the story is better now, it is true."

It was an honest answer and Jung Heewon laughed. "It is the same for me."

We paid in coins and went upstairs using the escalator. Jung Heewon asked
curiously, "Dokja-ssi, where are we going? This is the roof."

"It is a portal."

The roof door opened and a panoramic view of the interstellar city could be
seen. Jung Heewon gave a short exclamation of admiration but there was no time
to admire it.

I took Jung Heewon to the railing of the roof. "Do you trust me?"

It was a short exchange. I jumped from the rooftop while holding Jung Heewon's
hand. Despite falling down, Jung Heewon maintained her mind. By the time we
were halfway to the ground, I glared at the air.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at the hidden
portal.\]

\[The portal requires a password.\]

"Everything that falls down has wings."

A portal appeared in the air and swallowed our bodies.

\[The nebula has allowed your entry.\]

I felt my feet touching the ground. The wind that gave off a seemingly primal
breath grazed the tip of my nose. It was a clear wind I had never encountered
before. An idyllic meadow stretched out endlessly and a white castle was built
beyond it.

Jung Heewon was making a stupid expression. "Dokja-ssi, don't tell me this
place..."

"Correct."

This was the nebula of the mighty archangels. It was cumbersome to enter this
way but it minimized the time required for entry. I looked up at the air and
muttered, "They probably figured it out by now..."

Then a cold alarm sounded in my head.

\[...Demon king?\]

It was an incredibly cruel voice for an archangel. It wasn't the voice I had
been waiting for. It seemed that an unwelcome visitor had appeared.

\[Your boldness has grown. How did a demon king come here?\]

The power of the narrative-grade constellation caused the body to shrink back.
Even the brave Jung Heewon had a pale complexion.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is opening his 'status'.\]

This allowed Jung Heewon to take a breath. I was about to look for the owner
of the voice but a hand seemed appeared in front of me and grabbed my chin.

\[Demon King of Salvation?\]

Only my chin was grabbed but it felt like power was slipping away from my
body. The status was too enormous for me to withstand.

\[How does a demon king have the modifier of salvation? There has only been
one owner of that modifier in the past 1,500 years.\]

I barely managed to turn my head and saw a blonde-haired man staring at me.
They were slightly shining purple eyes. I instantly realized the identity of
this constellation.

\[The constellation 'Saviour of Corruption' is looking at you with crazy
eyes.\]

There was only one existence in Eden with the modifier of both 'good and evil'
and he was the strongest of all the archangels in Eden.

...Dammit, it was the worst opponent. I couldn't believe he was in Eden right
now. The purple eyes of the man curved like a crescent moon.

\[I don't know what you are but I don't like sharing my modifier. Then you
need to die.\]

The moment that the man's hand holding my chin glowed with a purple light...

\[. Take off your hands, Michael. Unless you really want to go to hell.\]

It was the voice of the archangel I had been waiting for.

  

* * *

\[1\] **Chaebol**  a large family-owned business conglomerate.


