### Chapter 406: Ep. 77 - Final Dragon, III

<First Phase Alert>

 The 'First Tail-Flick' will commence three minutes from now.

 The 'First Tail-Flick' is the Apocalypse Dragon's 'Revival Calamity'.

 The 'First Tail-Flick' will annihilate a quarter of <Star Stream>.

A quarter of <Star Stream> would be destroyed.

Quite literally, that was a bombshell of information.

However, the Constellations that read the scenario message didn't seem to
realize the severity of the situation.

\[A quarter of us will die? So, the Bureau did have a sense of humour, then.\]

\[Dokkaebis have been exaggerating more and more lately.\]

Most of the Constellations present here were more adept at watching the
scenarios happen, rather than clearing it. They were beings that exploited the
stories of others so that they could comfort themselves.

They were Dokkaebi's customers, and because of that, they believed the Bureau
would never create a scenario that would annihilate everyone.

Unfortunately, these people had no idea.

No idea, that certain stories in this world even turned the audience members
into the subjects of the scenario, too.

And these Constellations simultaneously dashed towards the Apocalypse Dragon
that was charging up its power just beyond the atmosphere.

\[Giant Story will be ours\!\]

Greed was so clear to see in their eyes.

\[Final Dragon of the Book of Revelation\] was the scenario that replaced the
'Great War of Saints and Demons'. If they manage to bring down the 'Apocalypse
Dragon' here, then they would acquire potentially the best 'Giant Story' there
was.

Perhaps feeling pressured by their movements, Constellations of the Nebulas
that were already present began dashing towards the atmosphere as well.

\[Constellation, 'Morning Star Goddess', is unleashing her Status\!\]

\[Constellation, 'God-King of Yakshas', is unleashing his Status\!\]

The first ones to take the lead were 'Morning Star Goddess', Vakarine, and
'God-King of Yakshas', Kubera.

\[Nebula, <Guardian Tree>, is allocating Probability to its affiliated
Constellations\!\]

\[Nebula, <Vedas>, is allocating Probability to its affiliated
Constellations\!\]

My companions watched the distancing backs of the Constellations and became
urgent themselves.

"Shouldn't we go after them, too?"

"We must never join them," I spoke in a resolute tone of voice.

Excluding those jumping in like moths to the flames, the majority of
Constellations with many years behind them were standing still, just like us.
They already knew the result of the upcoming fight.

I kept a straight face and asked Metatron, who was wordlessly observing the
situation. "Metatron, are you going to create the 'Sealing tool for the
Apocalypse Dragon'?"

The Archangel quietly stared at me for a little while, before forming a warm,
bright smile. \[Yes, of course. That's what happened back in the 1863rd turn
as well. A great 'Evil' has appeared in this world, so we should try to save
everyone, don't you agree?\]

As if he had already forgotten all about the struggles to kill each other a
few hours ago, Metatron's eyes were filled with an almost-holy light. I'd been
sensing that something was a bit off about him from some time ago, but I was
sure of him being utterly insane now.

"But, if that plan is successful, you'll definitely die. And with that, 'Good'
in this world will disappear."

\[No. It'll be I that disappears, not 'Good'.\]

It felt like I was talking to a wall. I shook my head and turned around.

I saw the 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' that had shrunk to the same size as
Biyoo, and Han Sooyoung quietly petting it. The fatigued Black Flame Dragon
spat out a lick of small flame towards the sky.

Han Sooyoung spoke. "Kim Dokja."

"What now?"

"You. You're still withholding something, aren't you?"

I flinched just a little, before asking back. "What are you talking about?"

"No, well, it's just too suspicious. Now, normally, you'd start by giving us
the information first... But, why haven't you told us anything concrete with
this scenario?" She narrowed her eyes and glared at me, before continuing on.
"You do have a way to win, right?"

"I do."

"Oh, so you can give us your assurances, then? You aren't going to resort to
another weird method, right?"

"And what might that weird method be?"

Han Sooyoung drew a straight line beneath her chin with her finger.

I grinned and replied to her. "Don't worry. I'm not going to do that."

Unfortunately, she did not look convinced. At all.

It was Shin Yoosung who followed up after that. "Ahjussi, then why did you
activate that Stigma?"

\[Stigma, 'Sacrificial Will Lv.8', is currently in activation\!\]

The unique Stigma that I created was busying pumping more power to my
companions while floating up a message in the air.

Jung Heewon spoke. "...Can't you just switch that off now? It's been getting on
my nerves for a while now."

"And why is the Stigma's level so damn high, too...?" Lee Jihye also grumbled
loudly.

I spoke as if to make an excuse. "I only left it switched on in order to
increase your powers, everyone. Really, I'm not thinking of doing anything
weird."

This time, Lee Gilyoung jumped in. "But that Stigma, it only comes on when
you're trying to sacrifice yourself for your companions, right?"

"Ahjussi, you're lying to us again, aren't you?"

"Dokja-ssi, could you be, again...?"

Enormous amounts of Statuses rose up from my companions and that caused the
Constellations nearby to flinch and tremble slightly. Yoo Joonghyuk watching
us from a bit of distance away was about to unsheathe his sword, too.

I hurriedly pointed at the Apocalypse Dragon.

"N-no, hang on. Now isn't the time to mind something like that. Well, a really
fun spectacle is about to start unfolding over there, so we should just watch
that."

The lengthy comet-like tails of the Constellations were about to reach the
striking distance of the Apocalypse Dragon.

"All those friends up there, they are going to die soon."

"Get ready. It's about to begin," said Yoo Joonghyuk, as he unsheathed the
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]. "The creature's Tail-Flick is divided into
three different stages. Fitting for a powerful calamity, three separate
shockwaves will reach us."

"Three of them?"

Lee Jihye's surprised question was answered by me, instead. "It's easier to
offset the shockwaves the closer we are to their origin. And the first two can
be defended against if we do our absolute best, so you don't have to worry too
much."

The really important part, though, was the 'third shockwave'.

If we failed to defend against that, then every single one of us would be
dead, and a quarter of <Star Stream> would be blown away.

We could see the clash between the Constellations and the Apocalypse Dragon in
the far distance. The waves of light fired by Vakarine landed directly on the
Dragon's body, while Kubera's great sabre sliced into the creature's back. It
was around then that the Dragon's tail made its move.

\['First Tail-Flick' is commencing\!\]

\['First shockwave' is being generated\!\]

In that moment, I couldn't tell what happened.

Pure-azure light exploded in the distance. I realized much later that the
light was actually from the spark that had been condensed to an absurdly high
degree. It was the electrical shock of destruction that became the storm of
aftermaths itself after far too much of <Star Stream>'s Probability had been
gathered and spent in that one attack.

That was none other than the 'first shockwave' created by the Apocalypse
Dragon's tail.

\[A measly little thing dares... Dares to...\!\]

Kubera, resisting until the end, roared out, while the shocked Vakarine
screamed loudly. Dozens of Constellations that challenged the Apocalypse
Dragon all unleashed their Statuses at the same time. And then...

...Something broke.

\[Constellation, 'Morning Star Goddess', has been extinguished.\]

\[Constellation, 'God-king of Yakshas', has been extinguished.\]

\[Constellation, 'Deep Night's Wolf', has been extinguished.\]

\[Constellation...\]

Indirect messages fell like raindrops.

Stars in the whole surrounding area were exploding at the same time and turned
into ashes.

Lee Jihye muttered in a dazed voice. "...You say we can withstand that?"

I had nothing to reply with. Because it was also my first time witnessing the
Tail-Flick today.

The electrical shockwave that grew even larger after burning away the
Constellations finally finished getting ready to spread to the rest of <Star
Stream>.

And we stood in its starting point.

\[This is insane\! Run away\!\]

Several terrified Constellations turned around to flee. Unfortunately for
them, that attack was not something they could outrun.

I shouted out in my true voice. \[Everyone, calm down\! There is a way to
block that.\]

\[Stop with your insane babbling\! Didn't you see that??\]

\[Either we use Status of the same attribute to absorb the shockwave created
by the Tail-Flick, or we cancel it out with the Status of an opposing
attribute. That is, as long as we have enough Probability to shore our
efforts.\]

The electrical shockwave's rate of spreading gradually gained pace. Now
rushing in at a fair knock, the wave bared its fangs at us, as if to devour us
all.

\[All of you, step aside.\]

A Constellation stepped forward. Blinding arcs of lightning coiled around his
figure, as he raised a giant hammer, his Star Relic, high up into the sky.

\[I am the son of Odin, 'Thursday's Thunder'.\]

Indeed, it was 'Thursday's Thunder', Thor, whom I'd met back in the Gourmet
Association.

\[I shall bury the Apocalypse Dragon's thunder right here\!\]

A streak of lightning from above crashed into the Star Relic \[Mjolnir\]. He
sprinted forward with a vigour befitting a Viking, and without a shred of
fear, threw himself into the Apocalypse Dragon's electrical shockwave.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!\!

Surprisingly, he managed to survive against the shockwave.

The majority of the wave rushing in was being concentrated towards his hammer,
\[Mjolnir\]. Like an electrical rod being showered by the lightning, his
entire body writhed in pain. Every Constellation of <Asgard> was lending him
Probability.

\[Ohhhhh-\!\!\]

Not too long afterwards, every blood vessel on Thor's flesh bulged, and his
bloodshot eyes began to pop out from their sockets. His statue-like muscles
were scorched black as well. The first shockwave was not the Tail-Flick
itself, but merely a by-product of that action, yet such a measly thing was
utterly, horrifically killing a Narrative-grade Constellation.

\[Uwaaaaaaah-\!\!\]

Just as Thor could no longer endure and was about to let go of his hammer,
someone reached his side and grasped it together with him.

\[...I was never interested in the myths of northern Europe before, but who
knew, you aren't so bad.\]

He was someone completely unexpected, actually.

Thor freaked out and roared. \[Let go\! This hammer is not a relic that
someone like you can touch\! Besides, you can't even handle lightning\!\]

\[Actually, I can. Just a little. My old man is a god of lightning.\]

He was the successor to the Lightning Throne.

It seemed that, after Zeus had left, Dionysus had become <Olympus>'s
successor. The only one among them who could inherit the Status of Lightning
was Zeus's descendant, after all.

\[Story, 'Carnival of Lightning', has begun its storytelling\!\]

A Story that I could've inherited once upon a time was running amok within
Dionysus's entire figure. He gulped down a mouthful of wine from the flask on
his hips and let out a cry in exhilaration.

\[Kuwaaah~\! Now that's good\!\]

Even though he was being burnt alive by the lightning, he still formed a
hearty smile. <Asgard> and <Olympus> were cooperating, and the two managed to
endure thanks to the powers of Stories their allies sent their way. Sadly,
though, it couldn't last long; the Status of the Apocalypse Dragon crashing
down grew even bigger than what the two Nebulas had combined. Seeing this,
Surya moaned in shock.

\[If only Indra was here... I never thought that I'd miss that village idiot.\]

Indeed, even back in the original storyline, the first shock wave was
neutralised by the efforts of the three gods of lightning.

But then, <Kim Dokja's Company> ended up defeating Indra, and that meant that
one of the three gods was now missing.

\[Isn't there anyone who can deal with lightning?\]

I wasn't planning to step forward now, but there was no other choice.

"I shall help."

\[You have activated 'Demon King Transformation'\!\]

I was not a Constellation of lightning. But, I could use something fairly
similar to that.

\['5th Bookmark' has been initiated\!\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Electrification Lv.23\(+13\)', has been initiated\!\]

\[Your current physical constitution is different from that of the applicable
character.\]

\[Your 'Status' has overcome the physical constitution penalty.\]

The pure, untainted white light of inner energy circulated around my body.
While scattering blinding rays of electrical lights, I joined Thor and
Dionysus.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling.\]

The two Giant Stories supported me as the storm of electricity pounced on my
body.

Dionysus said that this was exhilarating; yup, he was definitely out of his
mind.

\[It's quite tolerable after a drink or two. Would you like some?\]

Dionysus said those words, his entire lower half scorched black now. Thor, now
resembling jet-black charcoal, cackled from the side.

\['Demon King of Salvation', looks like we'll die together in this place.\]

\[Dying together with you might go on to create a pretty good story, indeed.
Let us become a story passed down through generations, together\!\]

\[Hmph, will that story be <Asgard>'s, or belong to <Olympus>?\]

\[Let's stop with the inane banter and concentrate.\]

Mind-numbing pain rushed in from the palm of my hands.

Thor, Dionysus, and I stood against the waves of electricity like a levee. And
the first shockwave's encroaching speed gradually lessened.

Somehow, we needed to withstand this. Just a little bit more. A bit more.

Unfortunately, the speed at which we were being forced back was still much
faster than the rate that the shockwave's speed decreased.

Dionysus cried out.

\[Damn it, it's going to overflow...\!\]

If the electrical energy was discharged like this, then all of our companions
behind us would be dead.

We knew this, yet we had no way of stopping the shockwave's march. Just before
I could shout out to them, telling them to evacuate...

...Someone's hands supported our precarious embankment from behind.

There was another god of lightning left?

Well, there were quite a few beings capable of dealing with lightning in the
stories scattered around the world, so... However, I couldn't immediately think
up of anyone. On top of that, the rate of absorbing the electrical shock far
surpassed not just my own, but both Thor's and Dionysus's, as well. Just where
did a Constellation like him...?

\[It seems that you were negligent with your training, judging from your
inability to withstand this level of electrical shock.\]

The moment I heard those words, a hollow chuckle left my lips.

Thor was taken back greatly and he quickly asked a question. \[Who might you
be? I've never seen a Constellation like you before.\]

Those words caused the great, noble Status to waver, as its owner began
emitting auras of rage.

People would often say that a handsome man's face was on the smaller side; in
that case, there would be no one in the world more good-looking than this man
right here.

\[I'm not a Constellation.\]

I stupidly had forgotten all about him.

I had forgotten that the one who could handle electrical energy the best in
<Star Stream> was not a Constellation, but this man. As his azure-coloured
hair scattered in the air, his own pure, untainted white electrical energy
exploded forth.

\[I am Kyrgios Rodgraim, the teacher of this lazy pupil.\]


