### Chapter 422: Ep. 79 - The Secretive Plotter, VII

"Just what the hell happened back there?"

Bihyung hung his head low after hearing Han Sooyoung's words.

"You were busy talking a big game, but then, we got refused entry at the door...
Oii, Dokkaebi, will you say something already?"

\[Well, that is... Fuu...\]

In the end, the <Kim Dokja's Company> couldn't go to the 'Final Scenario' and
had to return to Earth. The reason? Their 'qualification is insufficient'.

\[It seems that the Great Dokkaebis were behind this.\]

"You think everything'll be fine after saying that? How're you gonna make up
for wasting our time?"

\[...I'll compensate you with suitable rewards so please, stop grilling me.\]

While the grumbling Bihyung was rummaging through his pockets, Han Sooyoung
sighed deeply and took a look at her companions.

They had somehow returned to Earth after going through all sorts of crazy ups
and downs. Predictably, none of them were themselves at the moment.

"He might have died for real this time... I'm sorry, hyung... I... I wasn't
qualified... Because I didn't do the contract..."

Lee Gilyoung had been muttering some indescribable things to himself while
crouching over there, while Shin Yoosung had her eyes closed and both of her
index fingers were pressed to her temples as if she was meditating or some
such. Meanwhile, Lee Jihye and Jung Heewon had taken Lee Hyunsung to Aileen at
the \[Industrial Complex\] and had vacated the premises for the time being.

"...This place hasn't changed at all. That ahjumma didn't even bother to clean
the house, did she?"

Han Sooyoung muttered to herself as she patted away the dust on the aged
couch.

Once upon a time, she, Yoo Sangah, and Lee Sookyung stayed together in this
very house. A place where they lived together for three years during Kim
Dokja's absence...

Her brief reminiscence was cut short by the doorbell.

She utilised the \[Black Flame\] to remotely open the door and smirked to
herself. "...I guess the Devil showing up when you talk about her could be a
Story as well."

"It's been a while, Sooyoung-ah," said Lee Sookyung as she scanned the messy
state of the house. She eventually shook her head. "You're still the same as
before. You should at least ventilate the place."

"I'll have you know, I've returned only just now. And it's already been so
many yea..."

Han Sooyoung flinched when she got that far. She might have spent dozens of
years in the 'Isle of Reincarnators', but that was time spent within the
island itself. She couldn't really tell exactly how long it had been on the
outside.

Lee Sookyung opened all the windows in the house with a simple flick of her
hand and sent away all the stuffy dust outside. Her eyes remained fixed on the
group sagging on the floor in the meantime.

Han Sooyoung sneakily blocked the older woman's view towards them and coughed
to clear her throat, before asking a question. "By any chance, did Jung Heewon
tell you already?"

"Tell me what?"

Han Sooyoung lightly bit her lip. She wasn't sure how to explain this
situation.

"Well, you can see that Kim Dokja isn't here."

"Hmm, that's true. I learned of it just now, too."

She thought that maybe, she shouldn't have brought it up, but it was spilt
milk already. Han Sooyoung squeezed her eyes shut and spoke. "The reason why
he's not here, it's... Me, Yoo Joonghyuk and Jung Heewon, we all wanted to save
your son and tried to go with the soul's one big hit, but..."

"Please get to the main point."

"Huh. Actually, ahjumma, your son's gone to some place with someone. But that
place is..."

"Are you perchance speaking of that?"

Han Sooyoung followed Lee Sookyung's pointing finger and turned her head. The
TV mounted on the wall was playing a news footage.

The scene on the screen showed a man wearing a white coat floating in the jet-
black sky, with Kim Dokja dangling off that man's arm.

 Breaking news\! <Kim Dokja's Company>'s president kidnapped\!

Han Sooyoung's jaw dropped to the floor as she muttered softly. "...What the
heck is that?"

For some unfathomable reason, the Earth's media had found out about that
event. Lee Sookyung and her rather relaxed expression stared at the screen for
a little while, then she nodded her head. "That boy. He's still so popular."

"Ahjumma?\! Don't you get that it's a pretty serious problem??"

"But, he looks like Yoo Joonghyuk-gun1. So, what can be a serious problem?"

"Because that's not the 'Yoo Joonghyuk'. That's the problem."

Han Sooyoung spat out a groan. But then, the TV's screen suddenly rewound
itself back and the exact same footage played out again.

 Breaking news\! <Kim Dokja's Company>'s president kidnapped\!

She looked around wondering what was going on here, only to discover the
stupefied Yoo Joonghyuk continually poking the TV remote. He rewound the
footage several times and repeated it over and over again.

Han Sooyoung asked him. "...Hey, are you alright?"

"..."

"You won't regress even if your rewind that, you know? Did you even forget how
to go back now?"

He didn't even pretend to hear her. His eyes burned scarily as if he wanted to
engrave the appearance of the 'Secretive Plotter' in them. The Status of the
Regressor who refused to accept his defeat oozed out from him and made the air
in the living room rather stuffy and hot.

Han Sooyoung spat out an even greater groan. "Dammit. Just who the heck
distributed that footage..."

\[Hum, hum.\]

She turned her head yet again to find Bihyung this time, coughing to clear his
throat.

"...You haven't left yet?"

\[Here's your reward.\]

Now that she thought about it, she had forgotten all about the reward payout.
She extended her hand out, and the Dokkaebi's small hand placed 500 Coins on
her palm.

"Are you messing with me??"

\[Well, the thing is, the financial state of the Bureau's Seoul branch is a
bit strained lately, you see... And what with all these many things that require
our attention, it's like...\]

Bihyung whistled while glancing at the other side of the sky.

The Seoul's sky that should've been clear was now dyed in the ominous colours
of crimson and yellow. There were Probability's sparks lashing down like
lightning bolts, as well as the pitch-black \[Great Hole\] swirling around
viciously.

Han Sooyoung frowned deeply and asked. "Did something happen to Seoul?"

"The skies have been like that for a while now."

This city was no longer the location for the main scenario. But, if the
apocalyptic phenomena were still persisting like that, it...

\[It's because of the Apocalypse Dragon.\]

Bihyung looked at the sky with a bitter expression, pulled out a lengthy
smoking pipe from his inner pocket and mouthed it.

Perhaps she found that sight unacceptable, Han Sooyoung snatched the pipe away
and yelled at the Dokkaebi. "What are you talking about?\! Why does the
Apocalypse Dragon's effect reach this far?"

\[You don't know? I thought Kim Dokja would have told you already.\]

"That idiot never tells us the most important information."

Bihyung pulled out a second smoking pipe looking rather unperturbed and spoke
while lighting it up. \[The revival of the Apocalypse Dragon is the first
button of the great annihilation for all of us. You can think of it as the
world-line now rushing towards its end with that thing wide awake... This was
why I told you that we need to hurry to the 'Final Scenario'.\]

"...What will happen if we don't get to the Final Scenario?"

\[As the word implies, it's the apocalypse. You, me, this world.\]

That composed declaration prompted the dumbfounded Han Sooyoung to sharply
shoot back. "What the heck, what is even... What's the point of this 'Final
Scenario' when the whole world is about to be destroyed? Why did you people
even create such a scenario in the first place?\!"

\[The great annihilation is not a scenario planned out by the Dokkaebis. It's
simply meant to be. And because the annihilation is real, the 'Final Scenario'
has gained its purpose at last.\]

Bihyung looked up at the distant skies with an expression of remorse. He saw
the movements of a group of stars, hurriedly trying to get to some place.
Stars of the heavens were getting further away like shooting stars.

  

* * *

  

\[Oh-oooooooh\!\]

\[Ah-aaaaaah\!\]

The 'Outer Gods' unleashed their jet-black Statuses, dyeing the entirety of
the N'Gai's Forest in pure darkness.

The kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks managed to extract me from the vines and quickly
stood all around me. The kkoma number \[999\] spoke up first. "Protect Kim
Dokja."

"I told all of you this before, didn't I? I knew he would cause a problem."

"Indeed, we should've killed him the first time we saw him."

Even though they spat out some seriously scary words, all of the mini Yoo
Joonghyuks continued to hold their \[Heaven Shaking Swords\] firmly and didn't
lower their guards. They sliced and cut the approaching tentacles and advanced
forward little by little.

Maybe because it was directly after witnessing something truly shocking, my
entire body seemed to be wrapped in this cold air. The kkoma number \[999\]
took off his black coat and placed it over my shoulders.

"I only remember telling you to read a book, so why did you have to provoke
them?"

I wasn't sure what I could say back to him here. \[999\]'s eyes trembled.

"...You fool."

\[Oh-ooooooh\!\]

The howling Outer Gods' true voice reverberated heavily in the sky. Insects
within the forest vomited out their bodily fluids and died, while some of the
Gods even began fighting among themselves, too.

\[999\] spoke in a grave tone of voice. "These beings have not been understood
for a very long time. And you just had to get involved."

'Outer Gods' were flooding into where we were.

\[GivetomeGivetomeGivetomeGivetome\]

\[KimdokjaKimdokjaKimdokjaKimdokja\]

What was even more concerning, though, was the fact that not all Outer Gods
carried the same sentiments as their peers. A few of the higher-ranked ones,
after sensing my presence, began to exude unfiltered animosity in my way.

\[Stin ki ng Cons tel ation has lo oked down on us.\]

\[Ki ll him get r id of h im.\]

\[No fo rgiving e ven if y ou are Plo tter's gue st.\]

"Step aside, members of the Shantak\!"

"We will cut you down if you come closer."

The kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks all unleashed their Statuses and resisted, but the
'Outer Gods' didn't back down at all. They approached closer one step at a
time, and while emitting dizzying Statuses themselves, cried out in a loud
roar.

\[Oh, Pl otter\! We can no lo nger wa it\!\]

\[F or ho w long do we n eed to wa it? The wo rld-l ine's end is ap pro
aching\!\]

I knew very well what they were talking about.

The world-line's end.

Even these guys, as expected, were fully conscious of the 'Final Scenario'.

\[Th is wo rld mu st unde rstand us\]

"Step aside\!\!"

The tentacles closing in grew even more ferocious. Eventually, their Statuses
became simply too much for the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks to deal with, but then...

The forest parted ways, and 'he' made his entrance.

He walked forward while crossing the tentacles that none of us could block.
Each of his steps contained the solitude of indescribable eternity as well as
the entirety of the 1863rd lives he had experienced.

Once upon a time, his name was Yoo Joonghyuk, but now, he was the 'Secretive
Plotter'. A man who knew of every world-line's sorrow.

Outer Gods knelt down in front of that absolute, overwhelming nobleness.

\[Oh, the gr eat Pl otter.\]

However, not all of them did. There were some 'Gods' who didn't want to bend
their opinions even when subjected to the intense pain of their existences
turning into nothingness.

\[Oh, the gr eat Pl otter, we can no lo nger wa it.\]

The ones no one could ever understand were wailing in sorrow. They raged on,
and they mourned. Even then, their rage and sorrow were not understood. They
didn't belong to this this world-line, and they couldn't be understood through
the existing 'Stories'.

One needed to work really hard to understand their rage, their sorrow and
their grief.

\[We wan t to be un ders tood.\]

\[We w ant to bec ome sto ries.\]

Stories that needed one to work hard to understand could never be Stories.
Stories that needed one to throw oneself deeply in first couldn't be consumed.

The 'Secretive Plotter' opened his lips. \[You will not be understood.\]

He looked at each and every one of them with subtle gazes, studied them, and
gifted them with the cruel reality.

\[That is because this <Star Stream> has labelled all of you 'Terrors'.
Because this world has described you all as 'Chaos' that destroys the order,
as calamities that could never be understood. That is why.\]

It was then I finally understood why the 'Secretive Plotter' has chosen to
side with these creatures.

Why would a person who knows the end of everything repeat the same story over
again?

When I thought about it, the answer was a rather simple one.

That's because he didn't like the end he witnessed.

In the original story, Yoo Joonghyuk and Constellations defeated the 'Outer
Gods' together. That's how he got to the end of the scenarios, and destroyed
the <Star Stream>.

\[You will never shine in the sky like the Constellations, nor can you become
the main actors of this world. As long as the <Star Stream> exists, you will
all remain forever as 'Outer Gods'.\]

However, he didn't find what he wanted. And now, after becoming the 'Secretive
Plotter', Yoo Joonghyuk was stepping up to the battlefield once more.

\[Soon, the war of annihilation will commence. The end of everything will soon
begin, where stars will fall, worlds will collapse, and all Stories will be
extinguished.\]

I spotted the eyes of the 'Secretive Plotter' looking at me from afar. The
\[Sage's Eye\] spun around within his pitch-black iris.

\[Oh, the great Plotter...\!\]

\[Oh, ooooooh\!\]

According to the plot of the original story, these creatures would meet with
defeat.

For the sake of the conclusion Kim Dokja wishes for, these beings simply had
to be defeated.

<Star Stream> would be destroyed, while the stars of the heavens and the
solitary gods would die with no one to remember them. The defeated would die
extremely sorrowful deaths, while the victors would not get to bask in their
victory.

I began walking towards the 'Secretive Plotter'.

"...Kim Dokja?"

I heard \[999\] call out to me, but I didn't look back. I undid the
\[Miniaturisation\], and my eye level changed rapidly. The black coat \[999\]
placed on my shoulders wavered along with every step I took.

\[<Star Stream>'s Probability is now shifting\!\]

\[Stream of the great main scenario is now dwelling in you.\]

Past the canopy of the vine-covered forest, the sea of stars of the <Star
Stream> could be seen. On one side of the sky, stars were emitting bright
light, while on the other side, ominous-looking galaxies alongside the \[Great
Hole\] were quietly flowing about.

Half of it, light, while the other half, darkness.

Soon, the final war would begin. And most likely, I would have to stand on one
of the sides to witness the end of the world.

\[Your second Modifier has been decided.\]

A small star flickered on the far side of the sky. I stared at it for the
longest time, before slowly reverting my gaze back to the ground. The 'Outer
Gods' were now looking at me.

I returned their gazes and finally chose the side I'd stand.

\[Your second Modifier is the 'Watcher of Light and Darkness'.\]

  

* * *

\[1\] **gun** is a relatively rare Korean honorific, for casual use and peers.


