### Chapter 308: Ep. 58 - Context of the Constellations, IV

After a short time, the party members managed their equipment while waiting
for Kim Dokja. Lee Jihye changed her blade and asked Jung Heewon, "Is Dokja
ahjussi being serious? Really destroying Olympus..."

"It must be a joke. Dokja-ssi isn't that stupid."

"Still, we don't know where he has been for three years. Do you know the last
three years?"

"...I understand. I'm not a fool."

"We might not know where he has been for three years but if we look at
Master..."

The speaking Lee Jihye quickly shut her mouth as she felt Yoo Joonghyuk's gaze
from a distance. Jung Heewon sighed at Lee Jihye before glancing at the
meeting room that Kim Dokja entered.

  

* * *

  

Two people were sitting in a private room reminiscent of the reception room of
a detention center.

"It's been three years."

"...It took me longer than I thought."

Kim Dokja watched Lee Sookyung and locked his lips several times. There were
many things to say but some were buried in the layers of scenarios and others
were missed by time passing.

"That..." In the tomb of a bygone story, a word was barely excavated. "I'm
sorry."

Lee Sookyung smiled and wondered,"Are you thinking of leaving for the next
scenario?"

"Yes."

"When?"

"This evening." Kim Dokja kept his mouth shut for a moment before asking,
"Will you go with me?"

"I still have a lot of work to do here."

Lee Sookyung gazed out the window at the industrial complex. Kim Dokja
followed Lee Sookyung's gaze and looked out the window. They were women who
had once been prisoners in this society.

There were Cho Youngran who had Jeon Woochi as her sponsor and Lee Boksoon who
fought with him on Peace Land.

"There are more people than you think who make the wrong choice because they
are attracted to greater power."

The criminals who left prison were now fighting for people.

"The important thing is that people can change. Perhaps now they are getting
the opportunity."

Lee Sookyung's voice was sneering at herself. Lee Sookyung turned her head and
stared into her son's eyes.

"Do you know? A big story is a way to destroy an individual."

"I know."

Kim Dokja's eyes shook slightly. Small sparks jumped out from his two eyes.
Perhaps it was a topic that shouldn't have been brought up. A human being
exterminated by a 'big story'. Her son probably knew this better than anyone
else in the world. Lee Sookyung hesitated for a long time before speaking.

"There is something I want to say."

"I know. I read it as well."

The book written by Lee Sookyung, the Underground Killer. Lee Sookyung's book
became a bestseller and society started talking about domestic violence in
earnest, leading to a bill to strengthen the law on punishment. On the macro
level, it might've been the right thing to do.

However, thanks to the story, the humans 'Lee Sookyung' and 'Kim Dokja' were
completely dissected.

Kim Dokja became the son of a tragedy caused by domestic violence in this
society and Lee Sookyung became a criminal who killed her husband and made it
a story. People called them by different names. The son of a murderer or a
cruel mother... It changed the world only a little bit.

"We were exterminated even before the book came out. Maybe even in the
future..."

Kim Dokja's words were cut off halfway before the end. Rather than look at
each other, they stared out the window.

The world was there. There wasn't anyone who wasn't hurt. On top of the
scenario-weary incarnations, the constellations wishing for more terrible
stories were shining.

Kim Dokja spoke, "A big story destroying an individual. I'm going to change
that."

"I'm here to change it as well."

"Then... we have to separate here again."

Kim Dokja stood up and told her, "Be well."

The door closed and Kim Dokja disappeared. Lee Sookyung silently watched Kim
Dokja disappearing through the door. After a while, a shadow emerged from
behind a curtain of the meeting room and Han Sooyoung came out. Han Sooyoung
watched the door that Kim Dokja had gone through. "...He is a grumpy fellow."

"That's how I raised him."

At Lee Sookyung's words, Han Sooyoung narrowed her eyes. "Ajumma. Why didn't
you tell me?"

"Tell you what?"

"The book."

Lee Sookyung looked like she didn't know. Han Sooyoung glanced at Lee Sookyung
and was oddly incensed.

"I heard about ahjumma's motives. The earnings from that book, did you send it
to your relatives? It supplemented his living expenses."

"It didn't go to that child so it's like I didn't send it."

"Where are your relatives now?"

"They are dead by now."

Han Sooyoung closed her mouth. The previous animosity was pointless after the
destruction of the world. All the people who had to pay a price had died
comfortably and the rest of the people had to live their lives in a more
terrible world.

Han Sooyoung sighed and asked. "By the way, you really aren't coming?"

"I think I have raised my child for too long. It is enough for me to live my
life."

Lee Sookyung's lightly smiling face was wrinkled. One reason why the
industrial complex could be safe was Lee Sookyung. The Demon Realm and Earth.
The fact that two different ecosystems could unite safely was possible thanks
to the non-discriminatory rule of Lee Sookyung and Yoo Sangah.

Lee Sookyung was a necessary person for the industrial complex.

Han Sooyoung knew it well and turned away without a word. She walked to the
door that Kim Dokja had exited through.

Lee Sookyung opened her mouth. "Sooyoung."

Han Sooyoung raised her hand without looking back. "Don't worry. Leave your
son to me. You just"

"Be careful."

Han Sooyoung glanced back with a bemused expression. Lee Sookyung was smiling.
Her eyes were the same colour as Kim Dokja. Han Sooyoung licked her lips and
sighed.

"Anyway... I have no luck to the end."

  

* * *

  

A girl sucking on candy suddenly pointed at me and declared, "Squid."

I briefly lost my soul at the mental attack.

\[Some constellations are wondering about the girl's identity.\]

This girl... I mean... I sighed and spoke the girl's name. "Mia, have you been
well?"

"Who is this ahjussi?" She had forgotten since I hadn't seen her for a long
time. I was about to explain when Yoo Mia clapped her hands. "Ah, my brother's
friend."

"Not a friend... in any case, you've changed your way of speaking in the time
since I last saw you."

"You have become uglier in the time since I last saw you."

"Hey, Yoo Joonghyuk. Surely you aren't taking your sister with you?"

At my words, Yoo Joonghyuk glared at me from where he was putting a hand on
Yoo Mia's head. I watched him for a moment before asking, "...Have you been
well? I was so busy that I forgot to ask."

"There is no time to leisurely ask something like that."

I heard that hard voice and felt it was somewhat familiar, rather than feel
upset. Yes, this was the Yoo Joonghyuk I knew. The Yoo Joonghyuk I knew kept
speaking. "The 46th scenario is dangerous. Of course, I am leaving my sister
behind."

"Who else are you going to leave? Yoo Sangah-ssi will naturally stay behind.
My mother and the

Wanderer forces..."

"I will leave Flying Fox."

"You have already talked to Flying Fox?"

"I signed a contract with the returnees group."

Those freed from being a disaster needed time to adapt to their home world.
Yoo Joonghyuk contacted them and came back with a contract related to the
protection of the industrial complex. As expected from the protagonist, he was
pretty good at acting.

However, I shook my head. "They won't be able to protect this place alone."

"Teacher will be back soon."

"That isn't the problem. Besides, it will be more dangerous if transcendents
are here. Don't you know?"

Yoo Joonghyuk was well aware of what I was saying. It was because he lost the
Breaking the Sky Sword in the last round.

Yoo Joonghyuk nodded. "I know. You can come back before 'that' happens. You
should be thinking about the 46th scenario."

"I've thought about it."

"It won't be easy. It might fail."

It wasn't unusual for him to say so.

You can't break through the 46th scenario alone. Don't you know?

I spoke these words to persuade Yoo Joonghyuk the first time I met him.
Finally, the day had come to realize those words.

Yoo Joonghyuk said, "There are many ways to clear the 46th scenario."

"No, there's only one."

"It won't turn out like you think."

"Haven't you talked with the party members while I was away?"

"I don't believe in people." Yoo Joonghyuk replied in a composed manner while
Yoo Mia, listening by his side, shook her head.

I told him, "Don't you know what's after the 46th scenario? If you don't
cooperate with others from now on"

"A real disaster doesn't appear on the surface."

I shut my mouth at Yoo Joonghyuk's words. The 45th scenario 'Glorious Return'
was a scenario where people fought disasters. The appearance was a monster but
they were fighting against humans. I read the messages stored in the system
log.

\[You have cleared the 45th scenario.\]

\[Your group members didn't kill anyone throughout the scenario.\]

\[Your group members didn't kill any incarnations throughout the scenario.\]

\[Your group has shown new possibilities between incarnations and
returnees\!\]

\[The 'disaster state' of you and the group will be released.\]

New possibilities. It was evidence that trust and faith were capable between
different species. Yoo Joonghyuk spoke like he read my thoughts. "After the
scenario started, many people were killed by the scenario. More than that,
many people were killed by the same human beings."

Yoo Joonghyuk's cold eyes suddenly looked far away. "You will lose the party
in this scenario."

"What are you saying..."

"I have already lost a lot of people. You are different."

"..."

"You better prepare your heart."

I frowned because I knew the 46th scenario. Thus, I wasn't convinced by Yoo
Joonghyuk's words. It was impossible with the party that I knew. After three
years, they might've locked me up and fed me sleeping pills but they would
never fight against each other...

"By the way, are you going with me?"

"Uh, why?"

"Well, I'm just asking."

Intense sparks flew in the air. In the distance, the party members were coming
this way. Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung were leading from the front while Lee
Jihye, Lee Seolhwa and Lee Hyunsung were behind them. The problem was Jung
Heewon and Han Sooyoung.

...Come to think of it, they had a problem. Damn.

\[Main Scenario \#46 - Proof of the Stars has arrived\!\]

The 46th main scenario, Proof of the Stars. In order to meet Olympus and the
other constellations, I had to break through this scenario. Soon after, the
dokkaebi carrying out the scenario appeared in the air.

\[Let's start the main scenario.\]


