### Chapter 259: Ep. 49 - The Best at Something, I

The Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames ran while carrying me for two days
and nights. The constellations relentlessly chasing me were a frequent threat
but every time, the Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames literally threw his
body to protect me.

\[The story 'Faithfully Devoting One's Life' has been repeated.\]

How far did we run? Finally, the brightness of a new day could be seen.

\[The sub scenario  Skirmish has ended.\]

\[You have kept the Story Core safe during the time limit.\]

The constellations chasing after us stopped one by one in distant places and
all types of indirect messages flew through the air.

\[Some constellations who failed to chase you are disappointed.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is yawning and asking if
it is all over.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is rejoicing with sleepy
eyes\!\]

\[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' is nodding at you ploy.\]

\[Some constellations are pointing fingers at your cowardice.\]

It didn't matter if they pointed fingers or not. The most important thing was
to survive. Dokgak stared down at me with disapproving eyes and sent me
compensation.

\[You have obtained 200,000 coins as compensation.\]

\[You have obtained two Anvil Stones for Equipment Transcendence as a
reward.\]

I thought it was around the time for items to enhance equipment to be
released. SSS-grade items from the early scenarios were almost like scraps in
the mid-to-late scenario areas. However, using the transcendence anvil stones
allowed you to stop the equipment from losing its quality.

The income wasn't just that.

\[The story 'One Who Went Against the Twelve Zodiacs' has been acquired.\]

It might be historical-grade but the more stories I had, the better. In the
end, these little stories gathered together to form the complete 'status'. In
particular, the stories obtained would be useful in future fights thanks to
Distorting Things as One Pleases.

\[Constellations chasing you are returning.\]

No long after the constellations hid themselves, the exterior of the Yoo
Joonghyuk Industrial Complex emerged. Citizens who received the escape
scenario were lining up to enter the industrial complex. Fortunately, Jang
Hayoung and Han Myungoh had done well.

I spoke to the Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames. "You can leave now. You
don't have to be loyal to me."

He didn't want to follow me wholeheartedly anyway. Thus, it was better to part
ways at this point. However, after I turned away, he kept chasing me.

Pant, pant, pant.

I spoke with a frown. "What? You aren't going?"

Yip...

Moisture filled the big dog's eyes.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking pitifully at the
'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames'.\]

The real name of the Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames was the Dog of
Osu1. In order to save his master from dying of fire, the dog wet his body and
used it to extinguish the fire. Unfortunately, even this name wasn't his
actual name.

"...Are you going to follow me?"

Yiiip\!

I hesitated for a moment. Come to think of it, things would be hard for this
dog even if he split from me.

\[Some of the constellations are looking at the Dog Who Threw Himself into the
Flames.\]

In this world, there were just as many constellations aiming for other
constellations as there were constellations aiming at incarnations. If he
countered those who had the modifiers of 'Dog Hunter' or 'Melberg's Dog
Fancier' then he would be stolen or killed. So far, he had been safe because
of the Twelve Zodiacs.

"Then let's go together."

Pant pant pant\!

"However, make your size a bit smaller. It will be a disturbance if you are
too big."

Yiiip\!

The Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames reduced the size of his body. He
became the size of a golden retriever.

"Kim Dokja\!" Jang Hayoung discovered me and waved in the distance. "Hey\! Are
you okay? What is that dog?"

"I picked him up. What about the others?"

"They are busy guiding the people."

The Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames licked Jang Hayoung's hand. Jang
Hayoung asked, "What's his name?"

I wanted to tell the truth but decided to say it roughly. "Osu."

\[You have given a name to the Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames.\]

\[The Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames is greatly impressed.\]

\[The loyalty of the Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames has greatly
increased\!\]

...If I had known, I would've given him a better name. Jang Hayoung carefully
examined Osu's body and was delighted.

"This is great. Sajeo will like you."

I was about to ask who 'Sajeo' was when I realized.

"...Are you talking about the Breaking the Sky Master? Was she a female?"

"Did you forget that only women can learn the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship?"

Come to think of it... The Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship was like that. There
were too many exceptions. For example, the guy in front of me...

"...Why are you looking at me like that?"

"No, it's nothing." I shook my head to get rid of my thoughts. The important
issue right now wasn't Jang Hayoung's gender identity. Because...

\[The beginning of the Demon King Selection is imminent\!\]

The Demon King Selection was starting now.

"...It came."

Jang Hayoung looked up nervously at my words. The entire 73rd Demon Realm was
shaking. Unfamiliar coloured stars appeared in the sky one by one. In order to
watch the big event where the giant story was occurring, the constellations
arrived from various parts of the Star Stream.

\[Multiple constellations are entering the channel\!\]

\[Many demon kings are entering the channel\!\]

I could feel the mood just be looking at the beings entering the channel.

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is looking at you.\]

\[The constellation 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' is staring at you.\]

\[The constellation 'Mass Production Maker' is waving at you.\]

The constellations I had met also appeared in the high skies.

I tried to relax as I looked up at them in the sky. I had finally come to this
place. There were still many scenarios remaining and they were far away.
Nevertheless, it wasn't a long way off now. At the very least, I came to a
place where these lofty constellations were located in this mountain range.

\[The 25th main scenario has arrived\!\]

\[Excessive skipping of the main scenario has damaged party of your status.\]

I didn't carry out the scenarios in the 20s. I started to 25th scenario
straight away so it was unavoidable that there would be a loss in probability.

\[The Main Scenario  'Demon King Selection' has started\!\]

\[Main Scenario \#25 - Demon King Selection\]

Category: Main

Difficulty: ???

Clear Conditions: Team up with 'helpers' to win the 'mythical battlefield'.

Time Limit: 

Compensation: Official succession of the demon king position, ???.

Failure: Death

\* You can recruit 'helpers' for this scenario.

\* There will be additional explanations from the dokkaebis as the scenario
progresses.

It was a scenario where 'death' was marked as the failure result. I would die
here if I lost. It wasn't unfamiliar to me since it happened often.

\[This scenario is held on a dedicated stage.\]

\[The total number of participants in this scenario is four.\]

\[The main participants can recruit 'helpers' if it is mutually agreed upon.\]

\[You are a main participant in this scenario.\]

I felt something great from the north and west.

\[Constellations belonging to the 'Melledon Industrial Complex' are showing
hostility towards you.\]

\[Constellations belonging to the 'Bercan Industrial Complex' are showing
hostility towards you.\]

As the constellations in the sky flashed, the voice of the dokkaebi was heard.

\[You have been waiting a long time, constellations.\]

They were Dokgak and Bihyung.

\[Finally, the Demon King Selection that you have been waiting for has
begun\!\]

Along with Bihyung's words, a large hologram of a 'stage' appeared on the
screen in the air.

\[First, thank you to the Mass Production Maker for making the game stage for
this scenario\!\]

There was exaggerated applause as the map created by the Mass Production Maker
appeared on the hologram.

\[The game 'Mythical Battlefield' is loaded\!\]

The map was a vast forest area with huge cliffs at the edges. The forest zone
contained patterns of the 'industrial complex' in the east, west, north and
south, which probably signified the starting points of each industrial
complex.

\[As you might have expected, this 'selection' isn't simply a hit and run
fight. It will be held in the form of a 'team competition', with each team
being an industrial complex.\]

Some of the constellations were surprised by the dokkaebis' words and sent
indirect messages. Of course, I wasn't surprised. I knew it well through the
original novel.

\[The rules of the game are simple. All participants can make a team of seven
people, including themselves.\]

\[Every team member is given a different position and will play a role in the
scenario through that position.\]

It was similar to the so-called AOS games that were once popular on Earth. One
tanker, two close range damage dealers, two long range damage dealers and one
supporter. Finally, one all-rounder.

T

his was the game the Mythical Battlefield where seven people teamed up to
fight.

\[The constellation 'Mass Production Maker' is smiling.\]

As a matter of fact, this game was made of elements that had been stolen from
somewhere...

The dokkaebi's words continued. \[There are two ways to win the game. One is
to annihilate the participants of other teams apart from your own. The second
way is to take away the 'sentence' of the other team. Well, there will be more
details once you join the game... rather, there is one more important
announcement.\]

Bihyung glanced at me after long words.

\[A total of four teams were originally scheduled to participate in this
selection competition but one of the industrial complexes almost collapsed
before the game started.\]

I felt uneasy for a moment. Bihyung continued. \[To consider the fairness of
the game, we have decided to tie two comparatively unfavourable industrial
complexes together into one team.\]

Then I heard a message in the air.

\[You are currently a participant of the Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja Industrial
Complex.\]

It was an unexpected situation. I had been worried about Yoo Joonghyuk's team
so now I was able to reduce my troubles. Perhaps it was Bihyung's doing.

In any case, why was it the Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja Industrial Complex?
Based on the order of the hangul flowchart, shouldn't the name of the
industrial complex be Kim Dokja - Yoo Joonghyuk Industrial Complex? In any
case...

"Jang Hayoung, where is Yoo Joonghyuk now?" I looked around for Yoo Joonghyuk
but I couldn't find any traces of him.

Jang Hayoung's eyes were wide as he asked back, "What are you talking about?
Didn't you meet him?"

"...Meet him?"

"Didn't he go looking for you?"

"What?"

I had a bad feeling. I hurriedly used Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.

\[You can't connect with the current target.\]

Dammit. I was wondering how to find this son of a bitch when something flashed
on my mind. Fortunately, it was now midday.

\[You have used the Midday Tryst.\]

The Midday Tryst. It was a one-on-one chat item that I linked to this guy in
the past. I didn't know if it was in range but this was the only thing I could
believe in right now.

\[There are 39 unread messages.\]

By the way, I had dozens of messages from him. I hurriedly opened the window.
The first message started as followed:

Kim Dokja, I saved Biyoo / Sender: Yoo Joonghyuk, 47 hours and 39 minutes ago.

The messages continued to come over the next few days.

But why did you suddenly disappear? /Sender: Yoo Joonghyuk, 46 hours and 54
minutes ago.

I have no time for your childish antics. /Sender: Yoo Joonghyuk, 46 hours and
39 minutes ago.

I will kill you if you don't show up again. /Sender: Yoo Joonghyuk, 45 hours
and 18 minutes ago.

It isn't a joke. /Sender: Yoo Joonghyuk, 44 hours and 39 minutes ago.

...

Kim Dokja. /Sender: Yoo Joonghyuk, 41 hours and 38 minutes ago.

After that, the dozens of messages continued. The last message was:

I will go. /Sender: Yoo Joonghyuk, 23 hours and 14 minutes ago.

No, where did this bastard plan to go? I was dumbfounded and quickly sent a
message.

You idiot, come back quickly\! I am currently in the industrial complex\!

However, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. There were no signs that he read it.
Instead, I received a scenario message that was like a death sentence.

\[Please recruit your helpers within 10 minutes.\]

\[You can recruit six helpers.\]

There were two dogs, one gender ambiguous human and a person trembling with
fear that I would point to him... he had postpartum depression... dammit. I
urgently needed to fill up the seven people, regardless of power.

I sighed and opened my mouth. "...I will choose the helpers."

The two dogs, Jang Hayoung and Han Myungoh were included but I still needed
two more. Even if one spot was left for Yoo Joonghyuk, one more person had to
be recruited separately. I looked up at the sky.

\[Every constellation in the channel is listening to you.\]

Now it was time to test my network.

  

* * *

\[1\] **Dog of Osu**  a Korean folktale about a loyal dog that sacrificed
himself to save his owner's life.


