### Chapter 148: Ep. 29 - Constellation Banquet, III

He stood at the entrance of the banquet hall. If I was right, he was one of
the high level constellations who supported me since the beginning of the
scenarios.

There was a mischievous look on the face covered with white-gold hair. One of
the most powerful authorities who was imprisoned in the smallest prison of the
world. I was unable to breath as soon as I encountered the noble self and
piercing eyes. 

This was the description from Ways of Survival. I watched in a spellbound
manner. This was a top presence located at the top of Ways of Survival. I
ignored the housekeeper and ran inside. "The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal\!"

However, the laughing Great Sage, Heaven's Equal disappeared in front of my
eyes. He was like smoke. It was as if he was telling me I wasn't qualified to
meet him yet.

...A clone?

My hand fell in a dejected manner but the situation wasn't over. I suddenly
called out the name of the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal, making the
constellations on the first floor of the banquet hall pay attention to me.

\[Who is that person?\]

An incarnation called the nickname of a particular constellation. Most of the
constellation didn't have great expressions. Gazes focused on me from all over
the banquet hall.

\[An incarnation?\]

\[What? Who is that incarnation?\]

Countless gazes gathered, the atmosphere was heating up and I was so stiff
that I couldn't move. My mind became blank and I couldn't tell who was looking
at me.

I thought I could hold on after hearing the constellation's true voices.
However, it was clearly the influence of Fourth Wall. Just their gazes made me
like this.

Now I realized. I was the only existence in this banquet hall who wasn't a
constellation. I finally stood before the constellations.

"Now now, please calm down. There was a mistake so I will be taking this
friend for a bit." I heard a familiar voice and somebody lifted my stiff body
and moved it somewhere. As I left the banquet hall and entered the banquet,
the hell was over and I barely managed to breathe.

"...Why would you come here alone?"

I turned and saw a familiar figure floating in the air. "Bihyung?"

"Yes, it's me. The Queen of Night said she would send an envoy. Didn't they
come with you? Why are you wandering around alone in this place? Do you want
to go to hell?"

"There were circumstances."

"Hey, is that the problem now? This isn't the scenario area\! If you make a
mistake then it is the end\! This place..."

"It is a place where there are people who can kill humans with their eyes like
we are bugs."

I know. I understood. That's why I came here.

Bihyung pouted like he wasn't satisfied and took me somewhere. "I'll take you
to the waiting room. Rest there for a while. There is a screen in the waiting
room that you can watch. Be sure to take a look. Do you understand?"

There must be something based on the way Bihyung was acting. Not long
afterwards, we arrived at the waiting room. By the way, the sign in front of
the waiting room was very strange.

"...Incarnation waiting room? There is something like that?"

"Do you think you are the only incarnation? Of course, you are the only one
who came here alone."

The door opened and I saw an unexpected figure. He spoke first. "...Kim Dokja?"

I looked at him with a blank expression and waved awkwardly. "...Yoo Joonghyuk."

  

* * *

  

The constellation banquet was frequently mentioned in Ways of Survival.

It was the place Yoo Joonghyuk usually came to whenever he used 'regression'.
It was natural for Yoo Joonghyuk to be included on the invitation list. I
didn't know who was invited this time but this person would try to form a
relationship with the narrative-grade constellations...

The constellation banquet was a joint event with several countries. There was
the Seoul Dome, Washington Dome, Moscow Dome and New Delhi Dome.

Perhaps the bureau had held a performance presentation to select the best
performing domes. Once I saw the list of participating countries... it was
similar to Yoo Joonghyuk's 24th regression. There were separate incarnations
for each country in the waiting room.

Yoo Joonghyuk asked me, "Why are you here?"

"Probably a similar reason to you."

"When will you revive?"

"Maybe tomorrow."

"The others are worried."

"I'm sorry."

I felt somewhat uneasy as I had a conversation with Yoo Joonghyuk. His fists
were clenched tightly like he was angry. I suspected that he might have anger
control issues these days.

I sat in the chair next to Yoo Joonghyuk and watched the scene playing on the
large screen in front of me. There was an intermediate dokkaebi promotion ad
playing on the screen.

Thank you to all the constellations and dokkaebis who have given me the glory
of the story...

It was an interview with the representative of the low-grade dokkaebis,
Bihyung. That bastard, this was why he told me to watch.

Half of the glory is actually due to an incarnation working hard in my
channel. Maybe he is a friend that you know. I'll give half this joy to the
incarnation\!

I felt uncomfortable at the shameless words.

The surrounding incarnations were looking this way so I turned my attention
away. Then Bihyung took out a golden egg and raised it up to the sky. I
immediately recognized what it was.

The other half will be given to this child who will be born\!

It was the egg where the soul of Shin Yoosung was sleeping. Fortunately, it
seemed to be growing well.

"Don't tell me, did you...?" Yoo Joonghyuk used Sage's Eye as he looked between
me and Bihyung's egg with a shocked expression.

I spoke an excuse. "It was the only way."

"Do you know what you did?"

"I know."

"If you do this, Shin Yoosung...\!"

I knew what Yoo Joonghyuk was worried about. The person who had been suffering
from the 'story' for so long was now the subject producing the tragedy. I
didn't have to say that Yoo Joonghyuk knew how painful this was.

I told him, "If she is born as a dokkaebi, at least she will never die. The
bureau is the safest place until the Star Stream is destroyed."

Of course, this wasn't the only reason. Still, I couldn't tell him all my
reasons for making Shin Yoosung a dokkaebi. Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes met mine. It
felt like he would pull out his sword and cut me to pieces right here.

"Perhaps... are you Kim Dokja?" The voice that interrupted us caused the tense
atmosphere to disappear. I turned and saw a beautiful mixed-race woman. She
had wavy brown hair and gentle brown eyes. Her smile was especially beautiful.

"That's correct. Do you know me?"

"Oh... a little bit. I have heard stories."

It was great. I couldn't believe this woman came to talk to me first.

"Nice to meet you, Selena Kim."

"Do you know me?"

"Aren't you the representative of the United States? I've heard it before."

Of course, I didn't really hear it. I just knew her.

\[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated\!\]

\[Only randomly specified items will be displayed for the user's
convenience.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Character: Selena Kim

Exclusive Attributes: Animal Lover \(Rare\) King's Guardian \(Hero\)

Sponsor: Ender of Wars

Selena Kim from the Washington Dome.

She was a member of Anna Croft's Zarathustra and one of the strongest 100
women in Ways of Survival. The King of No Killing was an attribute that
originally belonged to this woman. Unfortunately, she had acquired another
attribute because I took it first...

I asked, "Anna Croft didn't come?"

"...You know Anna?"

"I've met her in a dream the other day."

"She wanted to come. If she knew you were coming, she would've come."

Of course, then the situation would become more complicated. Why? It was due
to this guy.

"Tell that girl to take good care of her neck."

"...You are the same as Anna told me, Yoo Joonghyuk."

The reason Anna didn't come here was due to Yoo Joonghyuk. In the last
regression, Yoo Joonghyuk was betrayed by Anna Croft. Anna would've seen what
she did to Yoo Joonghyuk. Thus, it was natural that she didn't come here.

"There is a very ugly person on the Korean side. Are you the representative of
South Korea?" I looked back and saw that it was Russia's representative who
spoke this time.

"Iris, that's rude. It is a bad habit to evaluate others based on appearance."

"I said he is ugly because he is ugly. Honesty is a virtue in Moscow."

White blond hair with pure white skin. The little girl had her hair up in twin
ponytails.

I knew who had come from Moscow. However, I pretended not to know. This girl
was one of the people I hated in Ways of Survival. I deliberately asked her,
"Who are you?"

"...Don't you know? You don't know me, Iris Vladimirovna Rebezova?"

"Should I know you?'

Selena Kim intervened. "Dokja-ssi, I will introduce you. This is Iris. She is
a representative from Russia. In Russia, she is called the 'Full Body Red
Square'.

"Ahem, that is me."

I nodded. I wanted to say something about the ostentatious nickname but I
stopped because it would cause trouble.

Selena Kim continued speaking, "Iris, this is Kim Dokja. He is from South
Korea and his nickname... I-I'm sorry, I don't know Dokja-ssi's nickname..."

Then Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "This nickname is..."

I hurriedly interrupted. "I don't have a nickname yet."

A ridiculing laugh emerged from Iris' mouth. "A person came here without a
nickname?"

I had one but it was disgusting.

"I don't know why you are qualified to be here but you better be good."

As the Russia representative showed a fighting spirit, Yoo Joonghyuk moved
forward. Perhaps she felt the huge strength of Yoo Joonghyuk. Iris took a half
step back.

"Don't interfere. This is better me and that ugly guy." Despite Iris' warning,
Yoo Joonghyuk kept staring at her.

Well done. If you want to slap someone then do it to Yoo Joonghyuk. In the
end, Iris bit her lips and retreated. "Well, I don't know what trivial
historical-grade constellation brought you here to take their story but... let's
just leave it."

...Take the story of a historical-grade constellation? How cute. That reminded
me, there was something about the 'Story Succession' at the constellation
banquet. Perhaps this was what Iris was alluding to.

Knock knock.

The door of the waiting room open and a low-grade dokkaebi appeared.
"Incarnations. We will be holding the 'Story Succession' soon. A place has
been temporarily set up on the first floor of the banquet hall. For reference,
the first floor is only for the historical-grade constellations."

\[Story Succession.\]

It wasn't only through Sponsor Selection that the constellations could
influence the incarnations. Despite not being their sponsor, an incarnation
could build up strength by inheriting the story of other constellations and
showing examples of the story. By widely announcing the story, the
constellations broadened their power. This was good for both incarnation and
constellation.

We walked to the banquet hall one by one. The first one to enter was Selena
Kim.

\[Selena Kim\! King's Guardian\!\]

\[I've been watching your good performance\!\]

Unlike before, the reaction of the constellations were favourable. Maybe it
was because they met their favourite incarnations. It was like meeting their
favourite celebrity.

Then it was Iris' turn. She walked past the constellations and waved lightly
like she was giving them fan service.

\[Iris\! The Red Square kid\!\]

\[Hahaha\! Cute.\]

\[Isn't it exactly the same as what I saw on the screen?\]

She stood in her place and stared at me. She seemed to be saying to me,  Did
you see? 

...So what? It was soon my turn.

I walked into the banquet hall and the pressure of the gazes poured towards me
again. This time, I could endure it. Maybe because I had experienced it once
before or because the gazes contained a different feeling.

However, the reaction of the constellations was strange. The heated atmosphere
was quiet, as if cold water had been poured on it.

...Perhaps I wasn't popular? Iris seemed to be laughing at me.

Then someone opened his mouth.

\[...That person. He is Kim Dokja of the Korean Peninsula.\]

\[Kim Dokja? That Kim Dokja?\]

The chatter started again. It was a completely different reaction from the
previous incarnations.

\[Kim Dokja\! That guy is Kim Dokja.\]

\[Kim Dojega\! Kim Dojega\!\]

\[The King of a Kingless World\!\]

The voices of the constellations rose every time I took a step.

\[He who opposes the enemy\!\]

It was like a wildfire spread throughout the hall as the voices continued.

\[Hey, do you remember me? The Bald General of Justice\!\]

\[Kim Dokja\! I'm King Heungmu the Great\!\]

I silently walked through the middle of the banquet hall.

\[I saw Peace Land very well\! Child, can you say something?\]

\[Hey\! Wave your hand over here\! I sponsored you 3,000 coins\!\]

\[You came\! Kim Dokja\!\]

\[Isn't he better than what we watched?\]

The whole banquet hall seemed to be a vast melting pot as the constellations
forgot their dignity. Their souls seemed to be ripening so I was forced to
raise my hand towards them and waved. Then chaos exploded among the
constellations.

\[Handsome Kim Dokja\!\]

Iris was looking this way with a dismayed expression. However, I didn't see
her. I didn't come here to play.

The scenario footage was covering the ceiling and walls. Incarnations were
screaming and dying while the constellations laughed as they watched.

I saw this and once again realized what this place was. It was where all human
tragedies became dinner.

I looked up at the second floor of the banquet hall. Unlike the ridiculous
first floor constellations, an ominous silence came from the constellations on
the second floor. They were constellations who each shone with a fearsome
presence.

They were the real enemies I had to fight.


