### Chapter 123: Ep. 24 - Things that Can Be Changed, III

 Suzuki walked through the forest and thought, 'I was really lucky'.

Suzuki trembled as he recalled what happened. A girl who manipulated monsters
and wielded the dagger with great skill. Suzuki couldn't forget how Murakami
died with one blow.

'South Korea is scary. A child is already at that level'.

She was just a kid so Suzuki couldn't guess how skilled the man near him was.
The man was wearing a pure white coat and held a white sword. There wasn't
anything special about him apart from the colour of his coat but he was a life
saver to Suzuki. "Thank you very much. I would've died if you hadn't been
here."

"It was nothing."

"I was honestly impressed. I didn't expect to get help from a Korean person."

"It was natural to help." The man in the white coat was modest.

Above all, Suzuki liked that the man was good at Japanese. It was obviously a
skill but having the Japanese Interpreter skill was a sign that he liked
Japanese culture.

Suzuki asked, "Ah, I don't know your name yet. Can I get your name? I am
Suzuki Tatsuya."

"My name is Dokja. Kim Dokja."

"Kimu Dojega?"

"...Kim Dokja."

"Hoh." Kim Dojega. Wasn't it a good name? Suzuki liked this Korean name. "By
the way, did you see the child? She killed my colleague..."

"Unfortunately, I missed her."

"Sigh... I see."

Suzuki didn't know if this was true or not. It couldn't be helped even if it
wasn't true. In any case, this person was South Korean. It wasn't strange for
him to hide the child or pretend he didn't see the child.

Still, it was disappointing. Suzuki would've been able to get revenge very
easily if he caught the child. As part of the third group from Japan, he
already knew about the 'small person transformation' hidden piece of the sixth
scenario.

He stated, "You saved me so you must've witnessed the small person
transformation."

"If you're talking about how she became smaller, I naturally saw it."

"Then the story will be quick. We are from different countries but we don't
have to fight each other in this scenario. Our enemies are the small people,
not humans."

"I know. That's why I saved Suzuki." Fortunately, the Korean man in front of
him seemed to agree. Kim Dojega said, "By the way, the Japanese side knows
many things."

"Yes. We progressed quickly through our scenario and there were similar cases
among the previous players."

"It was similar?"

"There were a few cases where a human turned into a small person."

"What happened to them?"

"Most of them are dead. Only one person is still alive."

Kim Dojega heard this and seemed to think of something. It was hard to know
what the Korean was thinking. The slightly nervous Suzuki opened his mouth.
"This is just a reminder but I don't hate South Korea."

"...What brought this on?"

"Don't Koreans think that Japan hates Korea?"

It was said by the prime minister, who was part of Japan's first group. Of
course, it was just a nickname and he wasn't the real prime minister.

South Koreans have a strong nationalist sentiment. They will dislike anyone
who badmouths their country.

Suzuki disliked the prime minister but never received any damages from
listening to his words.

"Kim-san. I also like Kim Ahyeon and Park Sungji."

"..."

"Autumn Sonata is also very interesting. My mother liked it."

Always mention Kim Ahyeon, Park Sungji and Autumn Sonata when meeting a
Korean. This was the prime minister's advice.

"I love Japanese manga."

"A-Ah. It is like this." The prime minister was apparently right. Suzuki asked
excitedly, "What manga do you like?"

"It is hard for me to pick one. I don't know if I can keep reading now."

"...Certainly, it is a bit unfortunate. I waited for the manga every week but I
don't even know if the mangaka is alive."

It was bitter thinking of such things. Suzuki also liked these things. Manga
was one of them.

"It is because everything has changed." 

Ahjussi.

Shin Yoosung's voice broke the immersion. I was in the process of using
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 2 so I couldn't answer Shin Yoosung
immediately.

\[The exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 2 has ended.\]

\[Your understanding of the character 'Suzuki Tatsuya' has increased
dramatically.\]

Immersing myself in the character made it easier to understand them. It was
smooth because he had a shallow personality. My focus wasn't high because I
was conscious but it wasn't hard to read what Suzuki was thinking.

Ahjussi?

Sorry, I was busy practicing a skill.

The small Shin Yoosung was currently in my pocket. Shin Yoosung spoke to me
through a direct connection because of our sponsor contract.

...It was a bit surprising. I could tell what she was asking without thinking.

I watched Suzuki Tatsuya who was still telling his story. Suzuki appeared as a
passing character in Ways of Survival. The world was described from his point
of view for a smooth storytelling but he could only get a few pages in Ways of
Survival. Still, most ordinary lives could be summed up in a few chapters.

I don't understand. Such an ordinary person, how can he do such cruel things...

Shin Yoosung couldn't understand because of the foreign language but she
caught the gist of the conversation. I couldn't help noticing her agitation.

"I mean, Kim-san..."

The talking Suzuki seemed like an ordinary university student. He was an
ordinary youth who took great joy in talking to others and could be found
anywhere in the world. I told her.

I saw it a lot in South Korea. An ordinary person having to kill someone in
order to survive.

At the time, it couldn't be helped because of the scenario.

It is the same now. That person is doing it because of the scenario.

It is just an excuse. He won't die even if he fails...\!

Don't think about it this way.

I asked her.

If the dead small people were in our position right now, would the situation
be different?

I don't think Suzuki is evil. However, I'm not saying he is good either.

The original evil is ordinary. We are ordinary people but we seem like the
most terrible disaster.

Then he isn't a bad person?

No, every human is a disaster for each other.

I deliberately exaggerated things. If I didn't say this, Shin Yoosung might
not be able to escape from the guilt of killing a person. She asked,

-Then will I also become a disaster in the future?

Don't worry. I'll stop it from happening.

There was something buzzing in my ears and insects were flying around me.
Suzuki was annoyed as he continued the story.

"The insects here are still the same size. Aren't they disasters to the small
people?"

"That's right."

There was no way. In this small world, insects couldn't be the same size as
Earth.

Yoosung. Do you understand what they are saying?

The species that could be tamed by Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung were
different but it was possible to understand the language of other species
through Diverse Communication. There was a reason why I placed Shin Yoosung
and Lee Gilyoung in different groups in the first place.

Hyung... second team... met...

Good. Then can you pass along my message?

I could feel Shin Yoosung nodding. The insects flying around soon disappeared
into the forest. Suzuki saw the distant insects and asked, "Kim-san. Are you
listening to me?"

"I'm listening. Weren't you talking about creatures from another world?" I
thought a person who could talk about manga even in this situation was very
rare. I struggled to accept it. "I heard that this genre is popular in Japan."

"Haha, yes. Creatures from another world are my favourite. It is similar to
our situation now. However, it is hard to draw."

The story contents in Japan just before the fall of this world would've been
similar to South Korea.

Japan and South Korea's novel sections were full of stories about going back
to the past. However, the Japanese side was probably a bit worse. The young
Japanese people thought there was no hope when returning to the past.

I wondered, "Isn't it fun when it is hard?"

"Huh?"

"This is what I like."

"You're having fun."

Suzuki cut through the low bushes and suddenly thought of something. "That
reminds me, we have a mangaka on our side. A person called Asuka Ren..."

Asuka Ren?

"...That person said something similar to Kim-san. A story isn't fun if it is
too easy."

"About that person..."

"Oh, we have arrived."

A small empty clearing appeared in the heart of the forest. The anticipation
that could be felt everywhere tickled my skin. Perhaps this was the main base
of the Japanese early arrivals. By the way, something was strange.

\[You have entered somebody's 'colony'.\]

\[Your physical condition meets the requirements of a 'colonist'.\]

\[The colony effect reduces your overall stats.\]

Suzuki's expression towards me had changed. He asked, "You said it is better
to solve hard problems?"

Dozens of armed Japanese people popped out of the bushes.

"Good. Then I will make it that way."

I was a bit surprised by the unexpected betrayal. Was Suzuki originally this
type of person?

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Suzuki Tatsuya

Exclusive Attributes: Double-Faced Person \(Rare\)

Sponsor: Silent Sword

I see. This was his attribute. I was still lacking.

In any case, Ways of Survival was a novel that could be never ending. How many
people weren't summed up in a few pages?

By the way, the 'colony' effect was activated so it seemed the king of this
area wasn't the 'snake'. He knew I was Korean and deliberately drove me to
this side...

"You brought the Josenjing1."

A samurai who emerged from the bushes said and Suzuki bowed his head. The
samurai asked, "You are from the third group. Are you part of the prime
minister's group?"

"No..."

"Then is this a tribute?"

"That's right."

"What is your name?"

"Suzuki Tatsuya."

"I see. Well done Suzuki. From now on, you are in our group."

Prime minister...

Things had become worse. As far as I knew, there was only one Japanese
incarnation who was called 'prime minister'. He was one of the enemies I had
to be most wary of, apart from the 'snake' I had to catch. It was because his
ability exerted a nearly absolute influence on Koreans.

The samurai stepped forward and spoke. He wasn't the prime minister. "The
slave of the great Japanese Empire has walked into the colony."

I grasped the handle of Unbroken Faith and declared. "If you attack me now
then the small person transformation will begin."

"We don't attack you. You will attack us."

"Why should I?"

"Otherwise, your colleagues will die."

What?

"Dokja-ssi... I'm sorry."

I looked towards the voice and saw four small people standing side by side. To
be precise, they were 'transformed into small people'.

Lee Hyunsung, Lee Gilyoung, Lee Jihye... Finally, the smiling No406 grandmother.

The samurai placed his sword against Lee Hyunsung's neck. "Do you understand
the situation now?"

I couldn't help laughing. Normally this would be a catastrophe, but I was
rather pleased. As expected, my companions had hurt the Japanese people and
became small people.

Shin Yoosung asked,

Ahjussi, what should we do?

What else?

\[Hunt the 'small people' in 10 minutes. Otherwise the Star Stream will
determine that you have no intention to carry out the activities of a
disaster...\]

It was the wrong timing to catch the snake. Then... well, the new target wasn't
much different.

"Come on, Josenjing."

I looked up at the sky and sighed. Then the stars shone at me like they had
been waiting.

\[All the constellations of the Korean Peninsula are looking at you.\]

It couldn't be helped. If they expressed such aversion...

\[Constellations of the Korean peninsula are angry at the atrocities of
Japan\!\]

\[Some of the constellations who have lived in a certain time are waiting for
you to call.\]

It was proper for me to punish the other party.

  

* * *

\[1\] **Josenjing**  a Japanese derogatory term referring to a Korean person.


