### Chapter 335: Ep. 63 - End of the Myth, II

Yoo Joonghyuk was rushing to Poseidon, who even narrative-grade constellations
avoided.

Dionysus asked, \[...Are you talking about this crazy guy?\]

I activated Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint. Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts were
pushed into my head.

 The period while the probability plausibility screening is happening is the
only opportunity. 

 Poseidon is a myth-grade constellation. There is almost no way to subdue him
through Stage Transformation. 

 The only useful thing is this branch. 

I noticed the branch in Yoo Joonghyuk's hand.

\[The constellation 'Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom' is astonished\!\]

Perhaps the branch was a stolen star relic from Athena. Strictly speaking, it
was a sacred star relic.

\[Athena's Olive Branch\]. The reason why Poseidon was so scary was that
despite living for many years, he had very few 'losing stories'. Poseidon had
lost once and it was in the best he made with Athena.

I had some memories from Yoo Sangah.

A long time ago, Poseidon and Athena competed in a city. People decided that
the god who gave the better gift would be the guardian of the city. At the
time, Poseidon struck a rock with a trident, causing the sea to rise.
Meanwhile, Athena grew an olive tree filled with rich fruit.

Sea water is very common... did Athena win?

Yes, Athena won the competition and became the patron god. Thus, the city was
called Athens. Ah... I'm sorry. Am I talking too much? Dokja-ssi should know
this as a fantasy expert...

...

Of course, I had no idea. I wasn't as knowledgeable in myths as Yoo Sangah.
Yet this damn Yoo Joonghyuk knew the story.

 If there is a slight blow, I can get rid of it. 

...The olive branch. If there was a losing story, there was a losing story.
Perhaps Poseidon would only vomit a bit of seawater after being struck by the
branch.

\[The constellation 'Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom' is warning you that this
isn't enough\!\]

However, I could understand Yoo Joonghyuk's choice. If the scenario was going
to be forcibly terminated by the probability plausibility screening, it wasn't
too bad to do a bit of damage to Poseidon. If he was lucky, he might be able
to get the story 'One Who Changed the Boundary of the Sea a Bit' or 'One Who
Went Against the Owner of the Sea.

...This was only if he was lucky.

I prepared to jump forward in case of an emergency. Dionysus grabbed my
shoulder. \[Don't go. You will die.\]

"Huh?"

Dionysus' expression hardened. Then...

\[The 'probability plausibility screening' has ended\!\]

\[There is no problem with the probability of the scenario.\]

I looked up at the system messages in the air. The indirect messages poured
out in succession.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is questioning the
bureau's judgment\!\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is cursing\!\]

\[Many constellations are suspicious of the bureau's judgment\!\]

Anyone would be shocked. It was impossible. A myth-grade constellation had
appeared in the 60th scenario yet there were no problems with the probability?

A giant trident appeared in Poseidon's hand as he slowly rose. The star relic
Triaina. The spear that drew the boundaries of the sea, a fearsome weapon that
turned everything it touched into blood bubbles of the sea.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!" I shouted but Yoo Joonghyuk was already right under
Poseidon's nose. Even Yoo Joonghyuk would die if he received one blow.

I couldn't bear it as I moved away from Dionysus and invoked Way of the Wind.
However, Yoo Joonghyuk was too far away and the Triaina Spear was close.

Sparks of probability appeared like lightning in the air. The recoil naturally
pushed Yoo Joonghyuk back. There was a mild spring scent along with a black
aura. Someone was blocking Poseidon's way.

\[Poseidon, why are you fighting with kids?\]

In the spot where the sparks disappeared, there was a goddess with a beautiful
appearance. Half her face was covered with a folding fan and there was a black
silk cape around her body. Her face was unfamiliar so I didn't recognize her
for a moment.

Dionysus screamed, \[No, why is this old lady here?\!\]

The glare, that could only bloom in the darkest underground, blocked
Poseidon's spear.

\[Persephone.\]

The sea seemed furious and a fierce sea breeze shook her collar. Persephone
glanced at me and smiled.

I was thankful but my feelings were complicated. Why did Persephone appear? I
thought the Underworld wouldn't directly intervene in this...

Perhaps... was it to gain a part of the giant story? Things would be very
complicated if that happened.

\[Persephone, why are you blocking me?\]

\[I am telling you to stop here. Look, it's too much. Your Majesty's parents
are all terrified.\]

Persephone pointed to the sea where countless life forms were trembling. Some
aquatic species turned belly up and died. Even the kraken, the giant 2nd grade
monster, was breathless.

\[The constellation 'Pure Moonlight Patron God' is deploring the death of
life\!\]

\[The constellation 'Goddess of Love and Beauty' is dissuading the 'Spear that
Draws the Boundaries of the Sea'.\]

\[The constellation 'Mistress of the Hearth and Benevolence' is talking to the
'Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the Sea'.\]

The neutral constellations were trying to dissuade Poseidon. Persephone
continued speaking. \[This isn't the stage for a myth-grade constellation.
Leave the children to fight among themselves.\]

\[This is no longer a problem for children.\]

\[It isn't a matter for children?\]

\[My son was attacked.\]

In fact, there was a small arrowhead in Theseus' left arm, who Poseidon had
descended for. Persephone narrowed her eyes.

\[Just because of this... Then you should punish those who attacked Theseus. Do
you know who it is?\]

\[It must be a giant.\]

\[You don't know that.\]

\[The giants will kill everyone.\]

The stubborn attitude caused even the valiant giants to tremble with fear.

\[Those who burrow deep underground. You will regret coming up to the ground
today\!\]

The power of Triaina caused all the nearby creatures to scatter. Yet
Persephone didn't back off. I was worried. She might be 'Queen of the
Underworld' but it was impossible for her to stop Poseidon, a myth-grade
constellation.

\[Get out of the way. You might be my brother's wife but I will kill you.\]

Persephone didn't back down from the threat. Poseidon's Triaina didn't
hesitate. The light moved and Athena and Apollon, watching the scene from the
air, flew forward.

\[No, Poseidon\!\]

\[Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the Sea\!\]

It was too late. The moment the waves hit, Poseidon's spear was already stuck
into Persephone's heart. Then looking closer, the spear didn't hit Persephone
but a giant hand. A hand made of dense darkness gripped Poseidon's spear.

It was a feast of probability so bright that I would probably never see it
again in my life. I understood why the bureau had passed the 'probability
plausibility screening'.

Dionysus laughed while shivering. \[Haha, if things go wrong today, the 12
Gods will die.\]

A story of darkness was released into the air. The darkness that had kept
silent for a long time was awakening.

\[Giant Story 'Underworld' is coming to the sea.\]

One of the three chief gods of Olympus, Father of the Rich Night. Underworld
King Hades had descended to Gigantomachia.

\[Poseidon. You are making a fight between children into one between adults.\]

In the original novel of Ways of Survival, the myth-grade constellations had
fought several times. Yet such a thing had never happened in the 60th scenario
of Ways of Survival. If I remembered correctly, in the 75th scenario where
Poseidon of Olympus and Shiva of Vedas collided, all of North America flew
away. There were times when the surrounding asteroids were destroyed and...
there was something else.

\[Stop\! You must stop\!\]

Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom Athena, Almighty Sun Apollon, Master of the
Skywalk Hermes and God of Wine and Ecstasy Dionysus. There was also Briareus
of the Hundred-Handers.

The moment the clash between the two myth-grade constellations occurred, all
of the constellations were thrown out like toys. The constellations were
thrown into walls and Briareus lost half his remaining arms.

No one was able to stop the struggle between the two myth-grade
constellations. The nearby Yoo Joonghyuk was also shocked and flew this way. I
moved quickly to his body.

King of the Underworld and King of the Sea. Two myth-grade constellations were
staring at each other. They were able to shake their world just by making eye
contact. Poseidon was the one to open his mouth first.

\[Hades, why did you emerge from the Underworld? You have no justification to
intervene in this situation. Even if the scales of probability are aligned,
you shouldn't be here.\]

Justification. It was necessary for a major being such as a myth-grade
constellation to descend to the sub scenario. The right justification would
allow them to pass the plausibility screening. In Poseidon's case, his
justification was his son Theseus. Then what about Hades?

\[Who says there is no justification? We came to protect our successor.\]

The one who answered was Persephone. Poseidon asked casually, \[Successor? You
don't have children.\]

Poseidon's words were right. Unlike Zeus and Poseidon, who had numerous
children, Hades had no children. It wasn't because Persephone and Hades'
conjugal harmony wasn't good.

\[Of course not. We don't want to have children and use them in the long-term
war. My husband's brain isn't his crotch like you.\]

Poseidon's expression hardened and Persephone continued,

\[Isn't it strange to think of raising a child in this damn world of scenarios
in the first place?\]

\[I don't intend to attack your crooked values. Answer me bluntly. How do you
have a successor without children?\]

The cold voice was like the temperature of the deep sea. Poseidon's Triaina
cried out roughly.

\[If you don't answer correctly, you and your husband will die horribly in the
aftermath of the probability storm.\]

Persephone laughed silently. Persephone slowly turned and looked this way. The
moment I encountered the strange gaze, the pages of Ways of Survival flipped
in my head. I looked down at the unconscious Yoo Joonghyuk.

Perhaps it was like this. Suddenly, several things were understood. In the
481st round, Hades was very interested in Yoo Joonghyuk and said the following
words:

 "I want you to be the successor of the Underworld King." 

Come to think of it, the Underworld was especially friendly to Yoo Joonghyuk
i.e. Kim Dokja's Company. It was impossible for this cold couple. Everything
could be understood if the Underworld was planning to use Yoo Joonghyuk as
their successor.

They invited me and Yoo Joonghyuk to the constellation banquet, invited me to
the Gourmet Association, sneaked the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint into
Tartarus...

By the way...

Didn't it seem like I received more benefits? The next moment, the darkness of
the world spoke to me.

\[The constellation 'Father of the Rich Night' wants to make you the successor
of the Underworld King.\]


