### Chapter 337: Ep. 63 - End of the Myth, IV

"Why should I help you?"

"Or you will die too."

There were more than 10 incarnations in the darkness. They were Anna Croft,
Selena Kim and other party members. As expected, they also fought in
Gigantomachia.

"We can escape before that happens."

"Then you'll receive damage. Wouldn't it be a good experience to clear it to
the end as long as you're in the middle of the scenario?"

Anna Croft stared at me as if to test my true intentions. "What do you really
want?"

"King Lycomedes' Leather Gloves. Don't you have it? I didn't see it at the
auction house, no matter how hard I looked."

Anna Croft had used Future Sight. She probably knew the value of the items she
purchased beforehand. Anna Croft read my intentions and then smiled. "I can't
give you that. It is a material for my giant soldier."

"Are you trying to create a model capable of Stage Transformation? You should
know it is impossible with your strength alone."

"I'll only know after trying."

One of Anna Croft's party members stepped forward with hostility. Then Yoo
Joonghyuk stepped forward to confront him.

"There's nothing to say." There was the clear sound of the sword being pulled
out. "She is a woman I need to kill anyway."

A transcendent status filled the cave and the other side obviously became
tense. I could use Yoo Joonghyuk to take away items. The problem was that the
opponent was Anna Croft.

I raised my hand to restrain Yoo Joonghyuk and Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me with
a dreadful expression.

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk is using Three Restraints Lv. 10.\]

Restraining oneself three times to avoid killing a person... I couldn't believe
I was seeing Yoo Joonghyuk use this skill in front of my eyes. It was
difficult for me to tell how much of a grudge Yoo Joonghyuk had against Anna
Croft, even after reading Ways of Survival.

I was struggling to make a decision when someone spoke. "Anna, give him the
gloves. Now is the time for us to yield."

Anna Croft's expression hardened at Selena Kim's words. Selena Kim turned her
head and sent a sound transmission to me.

I am thankful for last time, Demon King of Salvation.

Previously, I had released the pledge on Selena Kim through the bet with Anna
Croft at the auction house. In other words, Selena Kim no longer had to listen
to Anna Croft's commands. Anna Croft's expression when her greatest power
opposed her opinion was worth seeing.

Since Selena Kim threw out these words, it was my turn to finish it. "It won't
be for free."

"Then?"

"I will buy it with coins."

Anna Croft paused at the mention of coins.

"How about 500,000 coins? You probably lost some money at the auction house."

Anna Croft's eyes narrowed. She seemed to be thinking about the losses she had
suffered. After a while, Anna Croft opened her mouth. "I will consider it for
one million coins."

"It originally cost 200,000 coins. Isn't that too expensive? 600,000 coins."

"900,000 coins."

"700,000 coins. I can't compromise any further."

"I'll give it to you for 800,000 coins."

Indeed, she was a formidable woman. 800,000 coins wasn't a small number but
the deal had to be made. The King Lycomedes' Leather Gloves was an
indispensable item for this whale hunting.

\[King Lycomedes' Leather Gloves has been acquired.\]

\[You have paid 800,000 coins to Incarnation Anna Croft.\]

The deal was over and I smiled. "There is no harm to each other."

"No harm to each other? Have you already forgotten that you took one million
coins from me?

There are still 200,000 coins..."

"Come to South Korea once. You can enjoy a 200,000 won course meal."

Of course, 200,000 won and 200,000 coins were different. Anna Croft gritted
her teeth angrily. "Do you really intend to fight with Poseidon?"

"You have seen it with Future Sight so you will know."

"That..."

Of course, I knew she didn't know the future. Her Future Sight couldn't see
the futures associated with me.

I brushed past her and added in a small voice. "Maybe this time will be pretty
fun. You will go to a future that you can't read."

I watched Anna Croft's quivering small head and felt a strange sense of
triumph... I didn't know why I wanted to bully this person every time I met her.

"I hope you won't die a dog's death."

"If you really want that, ask Asgard to add some probability."

After finishing the conversation, I glanced at Yoo Joonghyuk. He was still
glaring at Anna Croft and seemed on the verge of swinging his sword straight
away. The moment I was about to open Midday Tryst, Yoo Joonghyuk unexpectedly
sent me a message first.

That woman's neck belongs to me. No matter when it happens.

Do whatever you like.

Of course, at that time, I didn't intend to stop it. However, at least until
then, Anna Croft was a person we needed.

Dionysus raised his hand. \[What do I do?\]

"Don't do anything."

\[What?\]

I left Dionysus and glanced at the giant soldier.

Pluto was raising his body in the seawater. I asked him while nodding towards
Yoo Joonghyuk, "Can you pick up two people?"

\[You're not satisfied with one and want me to do two?\]

"Can you do it?"

\[...Will you care if I say I can't?\]

  

* * *

  

As the two myth-grade constellations clashed, the true voices of the
constellations came from the sky. They stopped fighting and voiced their
opinions on the current situation instead of pointing their weapons at each
other.

\[I didn't think Hades would show up here...\]

\[How can we stop them? Athena, haven't you won a fight with Uncle Poseidon
before?\]

\[Isn't that another story? I just planted an olive tree... how can I win
against a myth-grade?\]

\[I don't know if the Lightning Throne or Mother Earth appears...\]

The expressions of the 12 Gods were dark. The Lightning Throne neglected the
work of the nebula after entering the top-level scenario while Mother Earth
hated Olympus and was unlikely to interfere in this incident.

\[Hermes, what about using the giant stories of Olympus?\]

\[They are the chief narrators of our giant story. Do you think it will
work?\]

\[...That's true.\]

There were comments here and there but a solution didn't come out.

Lee Seolhwa observed the conversation between constellations and whispered in
Lee Hyunsung's ears. "...I thought narrative-grade constellations would be great
but they're more ordinary than I thought."

"Yes."

"Then what should we do now? If the constellations are like this..."

There was no confidence in Lee Seolhwa's voice. In the meantime, Kim Dokja's
Company worked hard. It was natural to become confident after training and
progressing. However, now they weren't dealing with historical-grade or
narrative-grade constellations. The stories they built couldn't even compare
to the toes of these enormous beings.

Shin Yoosung muttered in a small voice. "It was really had to beat that sun
ahjussi last time..."

Surya had two eyes closed and was watching the scene through the Third Eye on
his forehead. Even Surya, the strongest sun god, remained silent without
interrupting. He was also unable to confront the myth-grade constellations.

Shockwaves spread. The clashes between Poseidon and Hades became more frequent
and cracks spread in the sky. The space itself was collapsing from the
collision. In addition, the more serious thing...

\[Uncle Hades will lose.\]

\[It can't be helped. This stage is the 'sea'.\]

Complicated expressions appeared on the faces of the 12 Gods. Poseidon or
Hades. No matter who won, Olympus would fall into the crucible of confusion.

At this moment, Surya opened his mouth. \[Something is coming.\]

Someone had penetrated the expanse and was quickly approaching this way. It
was a giant soldier made of the skin of a black dragon.

Lee Gilyoung shouted, "Dokja hyung\!"

There was a loud exhaust sound and the giant soldier stopped. Kim Dokja
emerged from inside Pluto. "Everyone. I'll explain it briefly."

Kim Dokja slowly looked at the constellations and incarnations. "I'm going to
make a sacred torch. For that, I need your help."

Suddenly, the 12 Gods glanced at each other. A true voice burst out.

\[A sacred torch relay\!\]

\[Indeed, why didn't I think of that?\]

The voices spoke until Kim Dokja once again opened his mouth. "The 12 Gods,
please don't do anything."

\[What? What do you mean?\]

"You belong to Olympus and have no way to resist Poseidon's giant story. If
you participate in the torch relay, it can be counterproductive."

Kim Dokja's words were true and some constellations nodded. However, it wasn't
everyone.

\[If we don't help, how can we turn on the sacred fire?\]

In the first place, the sacred torch was a light that came from the sun. In
order to start the sacred light, the help of the sun was needed.

Then Surya quietly stood up. Kim Dokja gazed at him. "Surya, sit down too."

Surya sat down again.

\[How will you make a sacred torch without the sun?\]

"The sacred fire is about sanctification. It isn't turned on only by the sun."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is shrugging.\]

Looking back, Jung Heewon's body was held tightly by Lee Hyunsung who had
triggered Steel Transformation. Lee Hyunsung's cheeks were red, although it
was unknown if this was due to embarrassment or the flames of Hell Flames
Ignition.

"Too hoooooooot\!"

"I'm sorry. Please endure it a bit more."

Surya nodded at the sight. \[The flames of Eden are enough to replace the
sun's heat. However, the flames made from that sanctification will find it
hard to pierce through Poseidon's waves.\]

"I know. Thus, it is time for you to step up."

Surya rose from where he was sitting. \[Interesting.\]

  

* * *

  

I needed more time before Lee Hyunsung was heated enough by the flames so I
sat on the giant soldier's shoulder and gave some instructions to the group
members. Then I looked around and saw Han Sooyoung dangling her legs while
sucking candy.

I scolded Han Sooyoung, "Is it delicious?"

"Strangely, I've been craving something sweet lately. Do you want to eat?"

Han Sooyoung didn't wait for my answer and shoved the candy she was holding
into my mouth.

It had a lemon flavour. I ate the candy and Han Sooyoung looked at me quietly.
"By the way, that's what I was eating."

"So?"

"...You are really no fun."

Han Sooyoung slid down from the shoulder of the giant soldier and landed on
its palm. I looked around and everyone also had a candy in their mouths, even
Yoo Joonghyuk.

Lee Seolhwa said, "Sooyoung-ssi gave them away. I heard it has a relaxing
effect."

That's why they were all biting one. I nodded in a convinced manner and Lee
Seolhwa asked, "Can we win?"

I looked up and slowly gazed at Lee Seolhwa. Lee Seolhwa was looking back. I
just smiled because I had no answer.

Victory or defeat, I didn't know such a thing. Just.

"No one will die."

Finally, the Steel Sword was preheated by the sacred flames and the 'torch'
was held in Pluto's hand.

I opened my mouth while boarding Pluto.

\[Please gather together.\]

One by one, the scattered party members gathered. People born in different
places and had different perspectives were gathered here. Thus, they became a
constellation of people.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has begun\!\]

All the narrators of Kim Dokja's Company started their story.

 It is a story originating from a reader. 

 The strongest and loneliest man in the world held his sword. 

 The steel sword bore the inferno of hell and soared towards the high
expanse. 

The history that we accumulated was gathering in the flames of the sacred
torch. Our story was a giant story from outside Olympus. Thus, it was
impossible for Poseidon to not be hurt by this force.

From a distance, Poseidon noticed the message and looked this way.

He laughed and covered the air with waves, like a barrier. He was confident
that the barrier made with the power of a myth-grade constellation couldn't be
pierced.

It was possible to know just by facing him. Kim Dokja's Company couldn't
pierce that barrier with our current power. We needed more power and a faster
speed. A momentum strong enough to break through that wall.

Finally, there was an assistant to provide that momentum to us.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has expanded.\]

The sound of a train horn was heard from somewhere.

\[Stage Transformation has occurred\!\]

 Thus, the bright sun illuminated their way. 

The train that was once our enemy was now rushing through the sky to pick us
up. The sun train emitted a dazzling golden aura and the party members looked
up with ecstatic eyes.

It was possible. If it was like this, it was clearly possible.

"Let's go, Kim Dokja's Company."


