### Chapter 127: Ep. 25 - Those Who Face a God, I

My party arrived at Veronica and rested for one day. The next morning, I got
up first and stood at the entrance of the castle as I informed the party of my
plans. Lee Hyunsung asked, "Surely you're not going alone?"

"I won't be alone. I'm going with those two." I pointed to Han Sooyoung and
Asuka Ren.

Then Lee Jihye wondered, "What are we going to do while ahjussi is gone?"

"You and Hyunsung-ssi are in charge of guarding Veronica's walls. Have you
checked the updated scenario?"

"...Is it to defend Veronica Castle until the end of the scenario period?"

"Yes. That is your mission."

"But..."

"Do it."

"...I understand."

I looked at Lee Hyunsung. "There is Gong Pildu but it will be hard to stop the
disasters with Armed Fortress alone. I'm sorry to leave it to you but..."

"Don't worry. Protecting a base is my specialty."

I was relieved by his determined words but I knew it wouldn't be that easy. It
might seem like an easy task but surviving this scenario was harder than going
with me.

"If you see the 'snake' of the first group, don't confront him head on. Flee
Veronica Castle if you have to. Can you promise me this?"

"I promise."

Their mission was to protect the castle until I returned. I gave orders to Lee
Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung. "Secure as many insects and monsters as possible.
Your mission is to buy time."

Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung nodded.

"If you go to the north forest then there will be many unique monsters of this
world. Go and tame those monsters."

"Yes, hyung."

"I understand, ahjussi."

A large number of monsters would help bridge the gap with the disasters. In
the process, the children's skills would also increase significantly. I left
Veronica Castle. Han Sooyoung saw the people watching us from behind and
asked, "So where are we going?"

"The eastern rocky zone."

The startled Asuka Ren told me. "The Japanese has already occupied that area."

"I know."

I stared straight at Asuka Ren. She had soft and curly silver hair. She had a
clear face with sharp lines, like a cartoonist had painstakingly drawn it. It
was a face that gave off the feeling of a warrior rather than just a beauty.

I told her, "That's why I brought you."

"Do you trust me?"

"I don't trust you. I just want to get back the value of saving your life."

"...I see."

It was easier to say this than to buy her favour with kindness. In fact, Asuka
Ren looked worried about something. Perhaps when her troubles were over, she
would tell me the information in earnest.

We travelled over the plains area towards an area filled with rock formations.
The trip was estimated to take two days but we could do it within one day if
we moved fast.

Han Sooyoung asked, "What is the plan?"

"Unlike us, Japan has an Absolute Throne. In other words, there is an
'absolute king' among the first group who commands all of them."

Han Sooyoung pondered on my words. "...Do you mean to catch the king?"

Han Sooyoung was really quick to understand. I nodded.

Han Sooyoung muttered, "Well, your idea is correct. There would be a profound
effect on the entire group if the master of the Absolute Throne dies..."

"Of course, killing the king won't stop all of them. Still, it will allow us
to hold on until the end of the scenario."

"Hrmm, then you've been aiming for the boss since the beginning? I like your
ambition."

Then Asuka Ren interrupted. "Do you know who the king of Japan is now?"

"Isn't he the Sovereign of Eight Heads?"

The Sovereign of Eight Heads. It was also referred to as a 'snake'.

"H-How do you...?"

Asuka Ren was astonished and her body shook. It was natural. She was part of
the first group and knew that type of existence the Sovereign of Eight Heads
was.

For reference, the Sovereign of Eight Heads wasn't the nickname for the
Japanese king but the modifier of his sponsor. The king didn't have a nickname
because there was no meaning in one.

"You must've heard his modifier somewhere but he isn't as easy as you think..."

"I'm aware of that. He is Yamata no Orochi."

The sky darkened at my words and there was a rumbling sound. Perhaps that guy
had heard me speaking. It was a powerful force belonging to the
constellations.

"...Orochi? Isn't that the name of a mythical monster in Japan?"

"That's right. Now he is Japan's king."

"Then why is he called by his sponsor's name? Doesn't he have a nickname?"

"It is meaningless. That incarnation isn't sane anymore. During the six
scenarios, he made a ridiculous contract with the Sovereign of Eight Heads and
had his soul stolen."

Asuka Ren's mouth gaped open when she heard my words. She was surprised that
the incarnation of another country knew more about the circumstances then she
did.

"Then he will be in the rocky zone?"

"Yes. However, we can't catch him right now. Preparations are necessary. We
are going to meet someone else in the rocky zone."

"Meeting someone? Is it... Yoo Joonghyuk?"

"He is better than Yoo Joonghyuk?"

"...Is there a person better than him?"

"It is possible."

"Who?"

"A strong person from Peace Land."

Han Sooyoung frowned. "From Peace Land? Are you joking right now?"

It was understandable. This information didn't appear in the first 100
chapters.

"Don't you know how weak the kids here are?" Han Sooyoung exclaimed without
giving me a chance to answer. She always looked particularly agitated when she
became angry.

"There isn't a third rate swordsman here, let alone a sword master\! The only
magic these kids can use is to create fire on a stove."

I know.

"This isn't a first generation fantasy novel... It is like someone has
maliciously gathered only weak people. No, I don't understand it. Why did the
dokkaebis make this world a stage? Is this an alternative idea to give coins?"

I could understand why Han Sooyoung was so upset. This girl might be a
plagiarist but she was a popular fantasy writer.

"Relax. This world wasn't made by the dokkaebis."

"What?"

I looked behind me. There was a woman looking down with a flushed face. It
felt like a very new writer standing in front of an experienced writer.

Asuka hesitated for a moment before bowing. "I'm sorry."

Han Sooyoung seemed to realize something.

"Wait, don't tell me?"

Asuka Ren slowly nodded. "...Peace Land is a world I created."

  

* * *

  

Perhaps Asuka Ren shouldn't have revealed this.

At first, Han Sooyoung was so astonished she couldn't believe it was real.
Then after five minutes, she murmured, "Well, my novel became a reality." Then
another five minutes passed and she started scolding Asuka Ren.

"Why did you do that?"

"..."

"Huh? Why? Answer me, writer. Why did you make a world like this?"

Asuka Ren ended up half crying. "That... there are many mainstream worlds in
Japan. So..."

"Ah, you created this to resist the mainstream worlds?"

"I-I thought that as a writer, I shouldn't bring out a mass production story."

"Mass production?" Maybe she said something she shouldn't have. Han Sooyoung
declared, "Your work can't even be mass produced."

"...Huh?"

Han Sooyoung stared at Asuka Ren like she was pathetic and then told me. "Hey,
Kim Dokja. Is this it? I stayed a few days in Veronica and in this world, the
earl speaks ill of the duke. Besides, the knights are all like parasites and
only know how to dither..."

Asuka Ren protested, "W-Wait a minute\!"

"Shut up. We are suffering now because of you."

"I made it but I wasn't the one who called you here."

"Look at this girl? The dokkaebis bought it from you and made your world into
reality\! The manga must've been ruined\! Let's throw all the ruined mangas
into a world and kill them\! You must've prayed with this thought and received
a message like 'I will listen to your wishes'. Right?"

It was the first time I had heard such creative reasoning. She truly was a
writer.

"N-No\! That isn't possible\!"

"Then what is it?"

I became curious when I heard this. There was no mention of why Asuka Ren's
Peace Land was adopted as a scenario in Ways of Survival. Perhaps I could get
a hint about the writer of Ways of Survival from this?

"That..."

Han Sooyoung was pulling out a sword while Asuka Ren took one step back. I
interrupted them. "I'm really curious but I'm afraid we can't hear it now."

"Huh?"

"Run\!"

We moved by a hair's breadth and sharp swords slashed at where we had been
standing.

Asuka Ren desperately ran with a pale face. Han Sooyoung asked, "Shit, when
did they follow us?"

"They are good at stealth."

"How many are there?"

"Four people."

They didn't underestimate us and tried to assassinate us. We had no chance in
a head on battle.

Asuka Ren gasped for air and said, "It seems to be the Wind Shadow Squadron.
They are the subordinates of the Sovereign of Eight Heads."

"Those brats have weird names."

This wasn't the timing for them to chase me. It seemed that it was a mistake
to mention Orochi's true name. As soon as we entered the rocky area, the range
of our movements became better.

It was due to Asuka Ren's guidance. Once again, the person who created the
world was different.

Nevertheless, the distance was narrowing as the Wind Shadow Squadron caught up
to us.

Han Sooyoung spoke like she had made up her mind. "Ah, I don't know. Kim
Dokja, go first. I'll buy some time."

"Is it okay?"

"Don't you know me? I'm a master at dying."

"Then I'll believe in you." I grabbed Asuka Ren and ran. "Ren-ssi, there is no
time anymore. Quickly find him."

"I-I don't know what you're saying."

"The returnee Kyrgios."

"Huh?"

I shouted while avoiding a flying sword. It seemed that Han Sooyoung had
missed some people.

"Tell me where Kyrgios is."

"...I don't know who that is?"

I expected it to be like this. In Ways of Survival, it only mentioned that
Kyrgios was here and he never came out directly.

"I really don't know\! I never created such a person\!"

"Nope, you know. He is the only powerhouse of Peace Land."

"There isn't a person like that in my manga\! Besides, the characters in my
manga are weak\!"

Then a sword thrust at us. I turned sharply and stopped. I didn't want to do
this but I had to touch her wound.

"Your Peace Land was terminated early in the 11th episode and you didn't get a
single volume published after that."

"H-How do you...?"

"I know that you wanted authentic fantasy in your heart. However, it didn't
work out. Your manga, is it really authentic fantasy?"

Two people from the Wind Shadow Squadron appeared in the smoke. I would be
able to cope with them if I was my usual self, but now it was hard to stop
even one. I brushed aside the katana but my wrist was broken.

I activated Purest Sword Force and shouted calmly. "It was just once but you
became angry when you saw the reaction of readers and drew a person."

"W-What are you saying?"

"He is a strong person not fit for Peace Land. You felt guilty about pandering
to the public by drawing such a person. That sense of guilt ruined your Peace
Land."

"No\! I never did that\!"

"Please take responsibility until the end. Even if only one reader watches
this world."

"Ah, ahh..."

It became more and more difficult for me to avoid the blades. The panicked
Asuka Ren was completely frozen. Two katanas flew towards my upper and lower
half. Dammit, was I wrong?

"...I'm sorry, I'm really sorry." Then a voice was heard. "You're right. I
obviously..."

The next moment, the surrounding air changed. I felt my limbs become stiff
from the cold. Then another voice was heard.

\[Who are you?\]

I didn't look back but it was clearly a presence comparable to the
constellations. Otherwise my Fourth Wall wouldn't be shaking so much.

I looked ahead and saw the Japanese people standing like stone statues. They
couldn't even speak as pure white lightning fell towards them from the sky.
The powerful disasters turned into ashes from the lightning.

Once the clouds that caused the lightning disappeared, a small doll was
floating. It was unbelievable. The powerful presence floating in the air was
definitely a small person.

...He was properly hooked.

\[I will ask again. Who are you?\]

"It is nice to meet you, Kyrgios."

Kyrgios Rodgraim of Peace Land. He was one of the strongest returnees in Ways
of Survival.


