### Chapter 262: Ep. 49 - The Best at Something, IV

"...What?" The surprised Jang Hayoung's eyes widened.

"This is why I wanted to buy time."

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has killed the helper 'Thunder Eating
Bird'\!\]

\[The 'Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja' industrial complex has won one point.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk falling through the air and the bewildered constellations could
be seen.

\[The constellation 'Poked Out His Eyes' is crying out with surprise\!\]

\[The constellation 'General of Vanara' is showing hostility towards Yoo
Joonghyuk\!\]

\[Many constellations are amazed by Yoo Joonghyuk's movements.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't panicked at all despite the attacks. His movements seemed
like he had grasped all the terrain features of this place. By the time the
furious King Oedipus swung his staff, Yoo Joonghyuk had already disappeared.

\[Where did you go?\]

\[Find him\! He is near here\!\]

The constellations moved and searched around but they couldn't find where Yoo
Joonghyuk had disappeared to. I hid behind a tree with Jang Hayoung and
watched the scene.

One of Yoo Joonghyuk's attributes was 'Pro Gamer'. This guy received an
overwhelming advantage and adaptability in all games. This game was still in
the early stages and stats were limited.

Before the constellations were accustomed to the game, this 'first round' was
a better stage for us than anyone else. The opponents might be constellations
but it wasn't easy for them to face off against the current Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[There he is\!\]

The General of Vanara let out a wind blade from his mouth towards a bush and
shouted. There was a loud noise and the surrounding terrain was cut. However,
this time, Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't present. The confused General of Vanara
retreated and a flash of light emerged from the dirt on the ground. It was too
late to avoid it.

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has killed the helper 'General of Vanara\!\]

Yes, Yoo Joonghyuk should catch at least two.

\[The 'Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja' industrial complex has won two points.\]

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has started to blow blood onto the
battlefield\!\]

Jang Hayoung pointed towards Yoo Joonghyuk and shivered. "What is this? A
monster?"

"It is similar. He is the best pro gamer in South Korea."

I was talking about the setting of Ways of Survival. In the distance, the
General of Vanara's body was split in half and he disappeared. The rules of
the game were applied so he wouldn't really die, but the mental damage was
significant.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is pleased.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has sponsored 20,000
coins to the incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

The true name of the General of Vanara was Hanuman, a monkey hero of Indian
mythology. Due to the characteristic of both being monkeys, the two
constellations didn't have a good relationship with each other. I guess it was
true.

\[Shit, chase him\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk killed two people and hid in the rocky gorge this time. Then one
more enemy appeared.

\[The constellation 'Founder of Humanity' wants to show an example to his
arrogant descendant.\]

The constellation who was close to a primitive man. The Founder of Humanity,
Manu. I forgot that he was on the side fo the Melledon Industrial Complex.

"Maybe we should help."

Manu of Vedas was a narrative-level constellation. He might be low in level
among the narrative-grade constellations but it was absolutely disadvantageous
for Yoo Joonghyuk.

Yoo Joonghyuk had already consumed a lot of mobility and magic power killing
two constellations. He might have the attribute of Pro Gamer but it was too
much for him from now on...

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has activated the 'Sentinel Golem's
Blessing\!'\]

Yoo Joonghyuk stood on a rocky highland area and aimed a giant bow.

\[The star relic 'Robin Hood's Strongbow' has maximized the user's
accuracy\!\]

This bastard, when did he get this? It was something that could only be
obtained from the 15th scenario area, Lugratia. Intangible arrows flew towards
the body of King Oedipus.

\[Keok...\!\]

Of course, Yoo Joonghyuk's advantage wasn't only swordsmanship. This guy could
use all types of weapons with the Weapons Mastery skill.

\[You\! You're not a closer range damage dealer?\]

In addition, Yoo Joonghyuk's position was 'all-rounder'.

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' will receive the position compensation
effect.\]

While this game was in progress, Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't be penalized for using
any types of weapons.

\[I will kill you\! This thing, this thing...\!\]

King Oedipus screamed as holes were drilled into his body.

"We should go help\!"

"Wait a minute."

Making clumsy movements in the current circumstances would only hinder Yoo
Joonghyuk.

Immediately after launching Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, Yoo Joonghyuk's
operation flowed into my head like a movie trailer.

Jang Hayoung frowned at my flippant smile and asked, "...What is it?"

"That bastard is scarier than I thought."

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't waste a single second when he came here. The evidence was
the Sentinel Golem's Blessing that was embedded in his body.

\[The Sentinel Golem's Blessing has started to accumulate\!\]

The sentinel golem inhabited the outskirts of the gorge and gave a 'fainting'
buff effect. However, this buff had one condition. The person had to succeed
in 20 attacks before the 'fainting' effect was produced. Now there were
approximately 10 meters between Yoo Joonghyuk and King Oedipus.

\[This thing, this thing...\!\]

King Oedipus jumped and tried to aim for Yoo Joonghyuk. King Oedipus' body
hardened from the ankle and he collapsed like a stone statue.

\[The helper 'Poked Out His Eyes' has fainted.\]

The duration of the fainting was three seconds. These three seconds were
enough time for Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has killed the helper 'Poked Out His
Eyes'\!\]

\[The name of the participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is widely circulated on the
battlefield\!\]

\[The 'Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja' industrial complex has won three points.\]

Three... I honestly admired him. The appearance of the dying King Oedipus was
unrealistic. It was hard to believe he was the constellation who threatened me
at the constellation banquet.

\[Impertinent fellow\!\]

However, the fight hadn't ended yet. Before Yoo Joonghyuk could sigh, the
excited Founder of Humanity rushed forward. Yoo Joonghyuk was now lacking
physical strength and magic power.

The Primitive Spear belonging to the Founder of Humanity dug into a gap that
Yoo Joonghyuk revealed. It looked similar to a stone tool but the power it
contained was enormous.

On the other hand, Yoo Joonghyuk was also tough. He twisted his back with a
flexible motion and at nearly the same time, he swung his weapon. The spear
collided with the sword and a sharp sound was heard. The distinctive yellow
aura that was only for transcendents was wrapped around Yoo Joonghyuk's Black
Heavenly Demon Sword. It opposed the blue 'status' woven around the Primitive
Spear wielded by Manu.

\[These martial arts\! They were skills left behind by worms. It still seems
useful.\]

It was a situation where participants could only use 10% of their power. Manu
seemed unable to accurately determine the amount of force he could control.
There were dozens of exchanges in a flash and Manu laughed like he was having
fun.

\[You are pretty good human. I have seen countless transcendents but none as
strong as you.\]

"You haven't seen my master."

A power similar to martial arts emerged from Manu's spear. Manu had mastered
almost every type of talent that a human could gain. Originally, the present
Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't be able to defeat Manu. Still, the balance of power was
even because Manu hadn't fought such a long battle for a long time.

\[How interesting\! I haven't competed with more than 10 blows since becoming
a constellation\!\]

The forcible equilibrium balance maintained this confrontation. I grabbed Jang
Hayoung who was about to pop out.

"That jerk will die if this continues\!"

The same thing would happen even if we popped out. I wanted to use
Electrification to run out and cut off Manu's neck.

However, I had to endure it for now. If it turned out like I thought, Yoo
Joonghyuk would soon welcome an opportunity. All I needed was time. Just time.

"Jang Hayoung, send a message through the wall."

"What? To who?"

"The Founder of Humanity."

"Huh? The guy currently fighting with Yoo Joonghyuk? Ah...\!"

The clever Jang Hayoung realized what I was planning. Jang Hayoung turned on
the Unidentified Wall and wrote a message. Soon after, Manu's baffled voice
rang out.

\[What? These messages...\!\]

I didn't need to ask to know the situation that Manu was facing now. Perhaps
countless messages sent by the '15 year old schoolgirl' were popping up like
pop-up windows in his field of view.

\[These ridiculous tactics\!\]

Manu hesitated and a white light started to emerge from Yoo Joonghyuk's body.
I had seen this bright light before. It happened when Jung Heewon evolved to
the Judge of Destruction. Then when Lee Hyunsung learnt Great Mountain Smash...

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has reached the moment of attribute
evolution\!\]

\[The attribute 'Pro Gamer' of the character Yoo Joonghyuk has evolved\!\]

Attribute evolution. Finally, Yoo Joonghyuk's second attribute had come to
full bloom. Manu rushed forward and wielded his spear. At the same time, the
dazzling light burst from Yoo Joonghyuk's body.

I watched the fascinating scene and recalled what Lee Jihye said in the latter
half of Ways of Survival.

 "Master has countless attributes. Hmm...the best is naturally Regressor. Other
than that, Master of the Panacea and Enemy of Gods and Demons are excellent...
huh? Which one is the most envious attribute? Ahaha, it is naturally..." 

Manu's spearsmanship swept over Yoo Joonghyuk in vain.

 "The Ruler of Amusement. It is that." 

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly opened his eyes as he made the same expression I had
constantly read about.

 At that moment, Yoo Joonghyuk seemed to understand everything about this
game. 

Perhaps in Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes, all of Manu's attacks looked like a
combination of 0s and 1s.

It was the legendary attribute, Ruler of Amusement. As long as this stage was
a 'game', Yoo Joonghyuk was closer to a deity than any other constellation in
the world.


