### Chapter 394: Ep. 75 - A certain heart, I

"...Oh, the noble and majestic master of the dark clouds, Black Flame Dragon...
What the hell, why is this incantation so lengthy? Hey, is this for real??"

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', nods its head.\]

Han Sooyoung spat out a series of expletives and dodged the incoming spears of
light. There was a 'Pu-shut\!' and a streak of blood escaped from her
shoulder.

\[Constellation, 'Master of the Ark', is grinning.\]

The \[Black Flame\] Han Sooyoung wielded utterly disintegrated several
Valkyries in her near vicinity. Stunned by that evil power, other Valkyries
shouted out in unison.

\[Kill her\!\]

\[Absolute Evil must not be allowed to live\!\]

\[We must stop her from finishing her spell\!\]

Han Sooyoung continued to smack away the Valkyries flooding her position and
muttered to herself. "Isn't it a common courtesy to wait for someone to finish
transforming?"

She bit her lower lip while watching the great army of Valkyries still rushing
in. Now normally, it'd not be any trouble for her to deal with lower-class
Historical-grade Incarnations.

The issue was with the skill these Valkyries possessed.

\[Nebula, <Eden>, has currently activated 'Hour of Divine Punishment'.\]

The 'Hour of Divine Punishment'; this skill was really similar to the \[Hour
of Judgement\] Jung Heewon used. Although the former didn't boast the same
level of buff as the latter, it still greatly enhanced one's combat abilities
against 'Evil'.

Valkyries blessed with that skill were numbering not in the dozens, but in the
hundreds.

\[Raphael, your skills have become rusty\!\]

On one corner of the battlefield, Asmodeus was cackling away in madness while
swinging his claws around in the air.

And in the air, demonic energy and divinity collided to produce loud
explosions. Just above that, there was a piece of floating cloud.

Raphael was riding on that.

\[Stop being snarky. Or get your piehole stuffed again.\]

\[Ahahahaha\! Your propensity to quip is still the same, I see\!\]

The tone of the voice was playful, but the waves of Status contained within
were certainly not.

Han Sooyoung could only scowl deeply in silence. No matter how she looked,
that insane Demon King didn't seem to have any leeway to help her out.

\[Constellation, 'Morning Star Goddess', is deliberating on her
participation.\]

\[Constellation, 'The One Who Faces God', is frowning at the demonic aura
coming from 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is looking at another place in
restlessness.\]

Not only that, there were still three great Constellations on the side of
'Good' remaining, too.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', says not to worry and complete
the spell.\]

"...The darkest dark, the most legendary tale, greatest Dragon among them all,
the blessing of the Black Flame Dragon shall accompany this bod... Screw this
shit\! You're doing this deliberately, aren't you? I'm not doing this
anymore\!"

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', cackles and says that's
enough.\]

In the following moment, incredible demonic aura exploded out from Han
Sooyoung's body.

She closed her eyes after sensing the vast Status rising up from the deepest
part of her. As her consciousness slowly submerged under the surface, several
things in her mind began snapping loose.

Thoughts of invalidating this battlefield, or <Kim Dokja's Company> striding
on the ambiguous ethical line between 'Good' and 'Evil', all broke in half and
became paralysed.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is starting 'Advent of Half-
God'\!\]

When she reopened her eyes, she had become a different person.

\[Incarnation Han Sooyoung's mind has been tainted by demonic aura.\]

"Kuk, kuk, kukuk..."

Her irises were now dyed in the purple-coloured demonic aura. She covered half
of her face with her hand and wiped the blood on her cheek.

She licked the traces of fresh blood on the back of her hand and asked. "How
amusing. Is this all you can do?"

The shoulders of all the Valkyries shuddered after they sensed that unknown
aura, and they quickly distanced themselves.

Han Sooyoung shouted out loudly as bright light began emitting from her.
"Kneel before me\! This is the difference of Status between you and... Hey\!\!
Stop spouting bullshit with my mouth\!"

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', says that it can't be helped if
his true power is to be unleashed.\]

"No, hang on. If you want to say something, then say stuff that makes... Oraaa\!
Taste my Dark Shadow Phoen...\!\! Nooo, not something like that\!"

Although her incantation effort was a bit of a mess, it still must've been
effective, as a huge shadow suddenly drew below Han Sooyoung's feet. The land
seemed to quake as the shadow grew even larger and eventually, it took on the
shape similar to that of a Dragon.

She had seen similar phenomenons as this one several times in the past.

Back in the \[Peace Land\] and in \[Dark Castle\], she saw Constellations
using this power before  the Constellation's shadow. Their darkness, existing
on the reverse side of their starlight.

Before long, she was riding on the back of a black Dragon, dozens of meters
tall.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is roaring out\!\]

This was it, the power that couldn't be unleashed until now due to the
restriction of Probability. The shadow of the Black Flame Dragon carried her
and soared high into the air.

As the pitch-black shadow was cast onto the skies above, the Dragon began
pouring out its Breath onto the ground below.

Kuwaaaaaahh\!\!

The battlefield was swept clean by the shockwaves; even the fleeing Valkyries
were turned to fine dust in an instant.

This absolute power rendered \[Hour of Divine Punishment\] and blessings from
a Nebula completely meaningless.

\[U-uwah, uwaaah\!\!\]

Perhaps he was reminded of a deeply unpleasant nightmare, the 'Master of the
Ark' hugged himself and began shivering away. That made sense, though  any
Constellation from <Eden> would possess a certain amount of fear towards the
'Apocalypse Dragon', that's why.

And 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' was one of the strongest candidates among the
final Dragons from the Book of Revelation.

This was the true power of the 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon'.

Even as she suffered from the suppression of the Probability building up, Han
Sooyoung still trembled from sheer joy.

She did good. She really did good by choosing 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' as
her sponsor.

"Hahahaha\! Die\! Diiie\! Die\! Diiiie\! ...God damn it, stop it\!"

As if she was suffering from schizophrenia, two different things jumped out of
her mouth at the same time.

\[Your mind is being tainted by the demonic aura.\]

This power of the Black Flame Dragon was indeed incredible, but it couldn't be
abused; the longer it was used, the ego of the Incarnation would gradually be
assimilated to that of the Dragon itself.

'At this rate, I might end up exactly like Kim Namwoon in a few years'.

Completely disregarding her inner worries, Abyssal Black Flame Dragon's shadow
proceeded to sweep away over half of the battlefield in no time at all.

As if she couldn't sit back and watch any longer, someone finally made a move.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', reveals her Status\!\]

For the first time ever, the Black Flame Dragon's Breath was blocked as the
deafening roar rocked the land. The essence of the white flames was cutting
down the darkness of the world.

The \[Flames of Retribution\].

It was Uriel's Star Relic, crafted out of the purest fire that burned in the
depths of Hell.

The Black Flame Dragon blotting out the sky broke into a grin.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', says that he always wanted to
have a showdown.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is hardening her expression.\]

The two Constellation went head-to-head and the surrounding space was
immediately flooded with the dancing blue sparks. Valkyries couldn't withstand
the clash of the Statuses and collapsed while vomiting blood.

\[Oldest Good is enjoying this regional conflict.\]

\[Oldest Evil is enjoying this regional conflict.\]

The great 'Good' and 'Evil' had selected these two Constellations as their
representatives. And in the midst of it all, there was Han Sooyoung, currently
being cooked into charcoal by the arcs of blue sparks.

"Kuk, kuk, kuk, die\! You dumb Archang... Hey you, stop\! This is no good\!"

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', asks why that's the case.\]

"You idiot\! If we start fighting Uriel here, everything will be over\!"

Han Sooyoung, her face caked with soot, began throwing a wild temper tantrum.
She almost ended up fighting for real after getting swept up in the atmosphere
earlier, but she knew that nothing good would come out of doing exactly that.

"And you, Archangel\! You wake up, too\! Are you really going to fight me?"

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is looking at you.\]

Uriel was forming a helpless expression. Anxiety was all-too-clear to see in
her eyes.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', forms a troubled expression.\]

"You don't want to fight either, right? I know. So, why don't we stop here?
And please, why don't you persuade your friends while you're at it, too\!"

Han Sooyoung's words only managed to make Uriel's anxiety run even deeper.

However, the \[Hellfire\] activated separately from what her expressions had
indicated and persistently flew in Han Sooyoung's direction. The latter didn't
give up, though.

She believed that there had to be a reason why the Archangel was participating
in this regional conflict.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has begun its storytelling.\]

Uriel must've known that this was a trap designed to kill <Kim Dokja's
Company>. That is why she had to come here personally.

What an unfortunate thing it was that the duo showing up in this battlefield
happened to be 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' and Han Sooyoung...

Still, she was a member of <Kim Dokja's Company>. So, she decided to bring out
the cheat key she held back for the rainy day.

"What will Kim Dokja think of you if I end up dying here?"

Uriel's shoulders trembled faintly. Han Sooyoung quickly went for another
shot. "I'm asking you, are you confident of looking at Kim Dokja, free of a
guilty conscience, after killing me?"

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', says that you and your sponsor
are 'Evil'.\]

"God damn it\! Who cares about 'Good' this and 'Evil' that? How is that
important? You people decided that on your own\!"

\[Flames of Retribution\] brushed past the Black Flame Dragon's wing. Even as
her balance rocked unstably, Han Sooyoung looked at Uriel with pleading eyes.
The latter's sword swings had become much more half-hearted than before.

Just a little bit more; one more push, and it'd be over.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is watching the battlefield.\]

Goosebumps broke out all over Han Sooyoung after she heard the ensuing
indirect messages.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is looking at 'Demon-like Judge of
Fire'.\]

'...Kim Dokja, you scary bastard.

You have enough leeway to look at this side, too?'

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is looking at 'Demon-like Judge of
Fire'.\]

Kim Dokja didn't say anything. Not a word of request for help, no asking for
favours, nothing  just him looking on.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', has stopped moving.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is falling into confusion.\]

Han Sooyoung inwardly cried out in elation. Uriel's heart would be a confusing
mixture of emotions right about now.

On one hand, wanting to save <Kim Dokja's Company>, and on the other, the
desire to win in the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.

Faint sparks were dancing all around her; Stories that made her who she was,
began colliding against each other. The Story that she loved the most, and the
Story she had been living with, were clashing with each other.

Was it <Kim Dokja's Company> she liked so much, or the one she belonged to,
<Eden>?

\[Uriel\! Why are you standing around stupidly like that?\]

Her indecision prompted other Constellations to step forward; they were unable
to sit back and endure this situation any further.

\[Constellation, 'Morning Star Goddess', has revealed her Status\!\]

\[Constellation, 'The One Who Faces God', has revealed its Status\!\]

Han Sooyoung spat out a deep, painful breath rushing up to her throat and
frowned deeply.

\[Your Incarnation Body has been damaged extensively.\]

In all honesty, she tried to persuade Uriel not just because she didn't want
to fight the Archangel.

The adverse side effect of \[Advent of Half-God\] was already affecting her,
that was why. Every joint in her body was being paralysed, while she felt like
vomiting a huge amount of blood right now. The only reason why she suppressed
them all was to not display any weakness to these Constellations, that was
all.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is looking somewhere else.\]

Substituting for the dazed Uriel, Camael stepped forward, instead. He spoke
up. \[My colleague seems to be in distress, so I believe that it'll be better
for us to wrap this up soon.\]

\[I expected much more because it was the Black Flame Dragon, but... Compared to
its Modifier, it's nothing much, isn't it?\]

Vakarine's crystal staff containing starlight suddenly emitted bright light,
causing countless beams of starlight to rain down from the heavens above. The
Black Flame Dragon's shadow was gradually shaving away as the beams of light
touched it.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is roaring out in pure rage\!\]

The Breath fired out by the enraged Dragon's shadow poured down from above
Vakarine's head; she screamed in panic at the dark Ether rushing in, and
quickly retreated.

It was Camael who stepped forward to block that, however.

\[This much is not going to be enough\!\]

Camael unsheathed a great sword and cut the Breath apart to advance forward.

However...

"The darkest dark\! The legend among legends\! Fires of Red Flames\!"

Han Sooyoung began spouting nonsense, and the Black Flame Dragon's suddenly-
amplified Breath began forcing back both Vakarine and Camael.

Vakarine's complexion paled as her coat burned up in an instant.

\[How humiliating\! Suffering from such a ridiculous technique...\!\]

\[Uriel\! What are you doing\! You must regain yourself\!\]

Camael's true voice must've gotten through to her because Uriel seemed to
suddenly regain her wits just then. Han Sooyoung wiped away the streams of
blood and focused her blurring eyesight.

If Uriel decided to jump in wholeheartedly, then everything would be over.

Before that happened, she must...

\[...Right, you're correct. This -up war must end quickly.\]

And then, Uriel made her move.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is revealing her true self.\]

The blinding Status of an Archangel dyed the entirety of the battlefield; all
of Uriel's wings unfurled in full, and a crown with a crimson-red ruby
shimmered brilliantly above her flowing platinum-blonde hair.

Her emerald-coloured eyes proudly observed the world.

Uriel stepped forward while withstanding the incredible storm of Probability's
aftermath that came about after unleashing her true body. When facing off
against that boundless Status, Han Sooyoung felt her consciousness waver
despite the Black Flame Dragon's grace protecting her.

This was the true appearance of the 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'.

The Archangel of Conflagration that cut down tens of thousands of demons,
murdered Demon Kings, and eradicated all evil. The moment she saw those eyes,
Han Sooyoung realized that she was as good as dead already.

In front of that 'demon-like' existence, all 'Evil' would have to willingly
offer up their heads.

'Sorry, Kim Dokja'.

The \[Flames of Retribution\] rose up high to split the sky, and in the
meantime, Han Sooyoung sensed the approaching end for once.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', can't come up with what will happen next.\]

And then, her vision was dyed in pure white. Like a completely blank page with
nothing on it.

However, no matter how long she waited, the expected pain never materialised.
Did she die even before she could experience pain?

She sneakily opened her eyes, only to be greeted by a completely unexpected
spectacle.

The \[Flames of Retribution\] that was definitely moving in her direction had
changed its shape to a ring and was emitting bright light on the ground.

\[You, and you. Move an inch, and you'll die.\]

More specifically, after it had tightly wound around the bodies of Vakarine
and Camael.

\[My flames can get a bit hot, you see? I'm not kidding, so if you move a
muscle, you'll really die.\]

Vakarine could only ask in a dumbfounded tone of voice at this sudden
development. \[Uriel... But, why?\]

\[If you do something like this, the Scribe will...\!\]

Camael's words only made Uriel bitterly complain. \[ck. I'll just enjoy some
disciplinary actions or something later. You think that's important right
now?\]

\[This isn't simply going to end with some disciplinary action\! What you did
was...\!\]

\[Shut up\! So what if those Chaos Points rise up or something?\!\]

Only after hearing Uriel's true voice did Camael realize that his companion
was being serious here.

\[But you, why...\]

It was at this point Han Sooyoung figured out why Uriel had to unleash the
power of her true self. If she were to subjugate another Archangel on the same
level as her, as well as a high-class Constellation without killing them, she
had no choice but to release her real power.

Uriel was suffering from tremendous pain of the Probability's aftermath; and
there was the faintest trace of demonic aura permeating into her dark laces,
too.

'Corruption'. The harshest punishment that would be bestowed upon her after
she refused to heed the divine order.

Just before Han Sooyoung could say something to her, Uriel took the initiative
away first. \[I don't have time to explain this and that. Let's quickly
invalidate this regional conflict and end it\!\]

Her expression was really urgent for some reason.

It was at that moment that a thought entered Han Sooyoung's head.

Even if Uriel did make up her mind, there was no need for her to be this
urgent; if an Archangel was willing to deal with such a huge loss just to
start something, then there must be a very good reason for that. So, what
could possibly make her behave so urgently like this?

It wasn't that difficult to figure out the answer.

\[My Heewon is in danger\!\]


