### Chapter 224: Ep. 42 - Asmodeus, IV

"What the hell is this guy thinking...?"

Aileen pulled out the catheter and muttered as he watched Kim Dokja lying
down. Fragments of the story were trickling from the bandages.

For now, this is the only way. I hadn't wanted to use it.

Aileen hurriedly raised her courage, swept up the fragments and took the pulse
of the other arm. Kim Dokja's face was pale and no warmth could be felt.

"Bring more story packs\! Quickly\!"

The people watching ran out of the treatment room at Aileen's cry. Aileen
watched the face of the dying Kim Dokja and recalled his last words.

Just let me die for an hour or so.

Ah, of course, it isn't really dying. It is just on the verge of dying.

I really will go to see Kim Namwoon if I die at this time.

I will trust you. Understood?

Beep beep

The story stability levels on the patient stability monitor were dropping
sharply. Aileen watched Kim Dokja sleeping with an unknown expression and
inserted a new story into his veins.

  

* * *

  

Fortunately, the third stage of Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint was connected
properly. Aileen had done her work properly. By the way...

Asmodeus' energy was blazing in front of me. I was in a state of tension,
unlike my previous declaration. The opponent was 'Asmodeus'. I felt a bit of
regret for using words that were too impressive at the beginning but now it
was too late for regret. Asmodeus finally opened his mouth.

\[Demon King of Salvation?\]

I nodded with Yoo Joonghyuk's head. I felt Yoo Joonghyuk's soul struggling in
one corner of the ego but I forced him to fall asleep. Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't
pop out at this time.

\[I am the Demon King of Salvation.\]

The use of my true voice consumed an excessive amount of probability but I
pretended to be calm. I deliberately used my true voice in order to not be
pushed back by his momentum. The bonus was that maintaining my true voice made
me look strong. Asmodeus glanced at me with surprise and asked again.

\[...He is really your incarnation?\]

\[That's right.\]

The unconscious Yoo Joonghyuk would be furious if he knew this but I didn't
think and said it anyway. There was no better answer in the current situation.
At least, that's what I thought.

\[I didn't hear that you have such an incarnation.\]

\[Your information network seems to be slower than I thought. This person is
my incarnation.\]

Asmodeus had definitely come here to 'talk' with me. The credibility of his
words couldn't be determined but this was the only way for Yoo Joonghyuk to
survive. If he really came to 'talk', he wouldn't do anything unnecessary like
touching my incarnation.

\[Hrmm...\]

Asmodeus didn't seem to accept my words as his energy gradually became strong.
I desperately recalled the information about Asmodeus that I knew.

 An indulgent madman. 

 A member of the gourmet association. 

 He has a slight acquaintance with the Underworld of Olympus. 

 The owner of crooked libido. 

There were a few things that could be of some help but there was nothing I
could use right now. Either way, it would be best to solve this confrontation
as smoothly as possible. I raised my senses as much as possible and searched
the vicinity for anything that could help me. The only thing that stood out
was the small stuffed doll attached to my shoulders.

...What is this? That jerk Yoo Joonghyuk actually collected such things? Then
the doll suddenly looked at me.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is so moved she has a
nosebleed.\]

...Wait. Surely this doll...

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is rubbing her cheek against
you.\]

The doll softly touched Yoo Joonghyuk's cheek and I felt it through Yoo
Joonghyuk's body. I was panicked. Why was Uriel here?

Asmodeus opened his mouth. \[I guess the rumours are true if you're not
shrinking back before my 'status'. You became narrative-grade in the tenth
scenario... I can't believe it is true.\]

\[I don't know. It might be more than rumours.\]

I pulled the Uriel doll and quickly hid her in my arms. The atmosphere was
strange but it would be difficult if Uriel did something. Asmodeus licked his
lips.

\[Huhu, the story about your tongue seems true. It is to my taste. By the way...
how are you alive? I heard from the constellations that you died.\]

\[I have good luck.\]

\[...You also like having secrets.\]

\[I hate people who keep trying to pry secrets from me.\]

\[Is this person your new incarnation? I heard that children are your taste.\]

\[What bullshit is that?\]

\[Then my hard work preparing this wasn't worthwhile.\]

Asmodeus smiled at me in a charming manner while looking down at his child's
incarnation body. He had the appearance of a pretty child. If Han Myungoh was
right, this child must be Han Myungoh's daughter. Fortunately, she didn't
resemble Han Myungoh at all.

\[There seems to be some misunderstanding... many false rumours have spread.\]

The rumours spread about me taking Shin Yoosung as my incarnation. He
understood what I was saying and Asmodeus smiled at Yoo Joonghyuk's face.

\[Indeed, I can bend my taste if it is this beautiful body.\]

At this point, it was clear that a normal conversation was impossible. I spoke
roughly. "Stop talking with your true voice. There won't be any incarnations
left around me."

\[Why?\]

"This is now my industrial complex. I want you to stop killing my citizens."

Officially, Gilobat died because of 'Kim Dokja' and this became my industrial
complex.

\[You are the new owner of the industrial complex.\]

In fact, these messages were actually rising. Of course, I actually needed a
good excuse to stop using my true voice. Asmodeus spoke with a small smile,
"Hrmm, yes. I'm sorry."

Asmodeus did it half-heartedly but he was polite when he had a purpose. At
least, until his purpose was met.

"Then why did you come for me?"

"It sounds like you already know. Right?"

"...How should I know? I'm not a prophet."

"I know you have a similar power to the prophet of Asgard."

He was probably talking about Anna Croft. I didn't know how much of my story
had spread and twisted. Whatever the rumours, it was clear that now was the
time to lay the foundation on this side.

"Maybe it is because of the 'Demon King Selection'."

Asmodeus grinned at the answer. It wasn't hard to guess. It was because
shortly after the industrial complex had fallen, the following message was
heard.

\[You are currently a 'Demon King Candidate' of the 73rd Demon Realm.\]

\[A new scenario is currently pending.\]

"Are you aiming for a new throne?"

"Huh? I already have the 32nd Demon Realm. It is pointless to gain one with a
lower rank."

"Then what?"

"I want to help you become a new demon king."

As expected, he said it. Han Myungoh had told me something similar.

The demon king... he told me to make the '73rd Demon King' with my own hands.

I thought for a moment before shaking my head. "I'm sorry but I don't need
help. I currently have no desire to participate in the competition."

"I don't think you have the veto rights? You have to participate in the
selection as soon as you become a duke."

"I can survive with my own strength."

"Well, you might've been lucky until now. Will it continue in the future?"

"..."

"Do you think Duke Melledon and Bercan have the same thoughts as you?"

It was known that nebulae were already attached to them. They were also
nebulae hostile towards me. Asmodeus laughed. "You need my help. You will die
if you refuse.

It was unknown who would kill me but he seemed certain I would die. Fucking
bastard. Did he come all this way only to grab my ankle?

\[A small number of constellations are watching your choice.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is watching your
choice.\]

\[The constellation who likes to change sex is watching your choice.\]

I moved to this location and asked Biyoo to expand the channel. Thus, the
constellations were watching my choice. Most constellations felt reluctant
towards demon kings. My future story would be determined depending on the
choice I made here.

I took a calm breath and asked, "Is your purpose the giant story?"

Something stirred in Asmodeus' eyes at my words.

"...I'm surprised that you already know about such a thing."

"It is the only reason why guys like you would cut off their nose in the blink
of an eye."

I smiled bitterly.

A giant story. If the stories I had accumulated so far were in the category of
general stories, there was a new field in the Star Stream called giant
stories. For example, things like Olympus' Gigantomachia and Asgard's
Ragnarok.

By building a small stake in a giant story, the constellations could gain
enormous power and probability. If they occupied a large stake then they would
become a huge power. This was why the constellations rushed with fiery eyes
every time the apocalypse scenario occurred.

The Demon Realm's 'Demon King Selection' was one such giant story. It wasn't
comparable to Gigantomachia but it was large compared to general stories.

Asmodeus nodded. "You are correct. I need the shares of a giant story."

Asmodeus was already a demon king and belonged to a higher level scenario, so
he couldn't participate in the selection. However, he could help me in
exchange for a 'stake' in the story.

Originally I would've refused the proposal. The giant story that could be
accumulated through the Demon King Selection would become the key foundation
for my future fight against the nebulae. If I gave a share in it to the wrong
person, it was likely I wouldn't be able to obtain anything.

However, Yoo Joonghyuk of the 12th regression had mumbled.

 'At that time, we shouldn't have pretended to support the Demon King
Asmodeus'.

I wanted to grab the collar of the 12th regression Yoo Joonghyuk and ask what
he meant, but the person now was only in the third regression.

In the end, I had to make a choice. Should I grab the hand of the demon king
or not?

I slowly opened my mouth.


