### Chapter 445: Ep. 84 - 1864, I

"Dokja ahjussi?"

I hesitated while watching the distant battle between two Yoo Joonghyuks.

\[Your Incarnation Body's condition is currently unstable\!\]

I'd not be any help whatsoever if I joined the fight in my current condition.
And when I took a closer look, the ones fighting were \[999\] and the
'Secretive Plotter'. I wasn't sure why, but \[999\] must've decided to side
with us.

I clenched my fists tightly.

Kim Dokja made a decision. There was only one method remaining.

The \[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint\].

Just like back then against Nirvana, or during the fight against Poseidon...

 Maknae-yah, what are you hesitating for?

The Great Sage Heaven's Equal spoke to me. Even though he was in the middle of
a huge battle in the sky, he still sensed my emotions.

I muttered in a voice that could barely be heard. "...I've gotten a little
afraid of reading them."

It was probably after fighting against Yoo Joonghyuk back in the 'Isle of
Reincarnators'. And more recently, right after I heard what \[999\] had to
say.

"Do you still believe that you can understand someone through just a few
lines of text in a couple of chapters?"

Up until now, I had been a 'reader' of the stories. However, for how long
would it be okay for me to remain as one?

 Right, you possess the power to read another person.

He had accurately guessed my ability. He stuck around my channel for a long
time as the 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', so it wouldn't have been that
difficult to figure that much out.

 There was a time when I too, wanted to know more about someone.

I sensed the Great Sage's gaze landing on Yoo Sangah. Or more correctly, not
her exactly but her current 'Incarnation Body'. He was staring at the body's
'former owner'.

 I still haven't fully understood why Sanzang chased me out twice.

During the original 'Journey to the West', Sun Wukong was expelled from the
party twice.

 However, I never asked Sanzang about it properly. Maybe it was because of my
worthless pride. I was stuck in a loop, thinking and wondering only to myself.
Why did that idiot do that? What was the reason for those decisions? What was
the point of such obstinacy? What did I do wrong, and where did a problem come
from? Even after our journey was over, those questions kept bubbling inside my
head.

This would be my first time hearing such a story.

Even to someone like the Great Sage, there were unresolved questions reserved
only for him.

 And by the time I finally found the courage to ask, my opportunity had
slipped away already.

The faintest trace of dejection could be felt from his voice.

Since I didn't know much about the story after the conclusion of the 'Journey
to the West', I had no way of estimating the depths of his sadness.

One thing that I could be sure of, though, was the fact that the real
'Sanzang' was no longer with us in this world, as Yoo Sangah had reincarnated
into the Incarnation Body in question.

 And to find out the answers to those questions, we kept repeating this
Journey to the West Remake, hoping that maybe, someone else would tell us
the story that I didn't know before, something that I had not read before.

Only then did I realize why the Great Sage participated in this scenario
event. I felt curious just then. Did he finally find his answer?

 I couldn't find it. However... I did find a small solace.

The Great Sage's gaze was now fixed on Shin Yoosung. As the <Emperor>'s
attacks rained down, he continued to speak.

 And about that solace, let me tell you all about it.

\[Giant Story, 'Journey to the West', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

 I'd probably never get to understand certain things. I'd never even get
close, and maybe, everything I did might be in vain. However, even if we know
it's impossible, we still have to read the Story. That is what it means to
exist as 'Constellations', as the stars of the heavens.

The Great Sage failed to understand Sanzang. And quite likely, he'd never get
to understand even into the future.

Even then, he didn't give up.

 That's why you should read it.

'However, I alone can't...'

 Why do you think you're alone?

I reflexively raised my head after hearing his words.

 Maybe not like you, but people always are reading each other. So, you should
not stop reading, either.

In a way, this advice wasn't really on point.

However, I still ended up feeling a certain something. It was as if small
feathers had piled up. I began thinking that maybe this was the solace the
Great Sage felt while watching our story.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi."

I called out to her, and she looked at me as if she was waiting. "Will you be
alright?"

"Yes. By the way, if it's possible, be gentle..."

Yoo Sangah nodded her head and chanted the Constrictive Sutra in my direction.

My body slumped to the floor as if a fuse had gone out. My consciousness
managed to slip out and quickly flew towards where I needed to go.

\['Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' 3rd stage is activating\!\]

\[Your degree of understanding of the applicable individual is very high\!\]

\[The '1st Person Protagonist's POV' is activating\!\]

My vision slowly stabilised and at the same time, powerful strength overflowed
within my body. It was Yoo Joonghyuk's strength.

A short while later, the enemy's figure could be seen before us. An existence
enveloped in the aura of immense Status and arrogantly glancing at us.

The 'Secretive Plotter'.

The Great Sage was right. That guy could never be defeated alone.

Let's go.

The Transcendent's Status violently raged within my body. I added every ounce
of my own Status to Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Transcendent's Status has encountered the Demon King's Status\!\]

The powers that I earned so far interweaved with that of Yoo Joonghyuk's and
began boiling up. Vigorous energy circulated within the blood vessels as if
they had a complete overhaul.

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly opened his eyes gleaming in golden light and spoke back
to me. 'You're late'.

He didn't get angry or reprimanded me, simply choosing to say that.

He probably knew that I was playing the role of Sun Wukong, though...

I'm sorry.

'Talk about unimportant matters later. Defeating this bastard takes our utmost
priority'.

Kwa-aaaaah\!\!

The Plotter's \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] lightly danced, and the Tongtian
River was split in half. With nary a hair's breadth, we managed to evade the
attack. Constellations and Incarnations coincidentally within the range were
swept away and became nothing more than fading screams. That was truly a
nonsensical attack power.

You're struggling in vain. Even if you managed to regain your memories, you
still can't defeat me. Because you too also began from me.

What is he on about now?

Yoo Joonghyuk running on the river's surface replied in annoyance. 'According
to him, I'm not Yoo Joonghyuk from the 3rd turn'.

Really? Then, what?

I reflexively asked him, but to be honest, several dizzying theories were
floating around in my brain already. Perhaps this was the question that had
been building up from a long time ago.

'The 3rd turn Yoo Joonghyuk shouldn't have known about such information,
though?'

Back during the \[Green Zone\] scenario.

'...No matter what, his rate of growth is just too fast'.

...And even back in the \[Cinema Dungeon\], too.

All the questions I secretly had every time I checked Yoo Joonghyuk's
\[Character List\] began rising up one after the other. Even the conversation
I had with \[999\] entered my head.

"Yoo Joonghyuk in this world-line said that he was the 'third turn'. So, this
place is the third regression turn."

"Trusting such information at its face value. How naive."

By the time I came around, I was already initiating the \[Character List\].

\[Applicable individual's information is far too numerous. 'Character List'
will change to 'Summarised List'.\]

\[For the convenience of the user, only the selected items will be
displayed.\]

<Character Summary>

Individual: Yoo Joonghyuk

Exclusive Attributes: Regressor <3rd turn> \(Myth\), Ruler of Amusement
\(Legendary\)...

It said 3rd turn. He was definitely from the 3rd turn.

In that case, just what on earth were those guys talking about...?

Kim Dok ja re ally ca n't t ell?

Pages of my memories began flipping. Memories that I tried so hard not to
recall.

"That 'world' you've shown me, does it really exist?"

\[The applicable individual is not a 'Character'.\]

'Wake up, Kim Dokja\!'

I abruptly regained my wits after hearing Yoo Joonghyuk's shout. Now wasn't
the time to think about something else.

The Plotter's Status as he floated up in the air was strengthening gradually.

It seems that you still haven't really regained your memories.

"...I won't lose so easily this time."

As if to oppose that rising Status, Yoo Joonghyuk raised his own power level.
The movement technique, \[Red Phoenix Shunpo\], and the power of the
\[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\] were pushed to their absolute limits. The
\[Breaking the Sky Thunder Sword\] completely covered the \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\].

He fought in the same manner the last time. And still lost.

However, those weren't the only things accompanying him this time.

\[5th Bookmark has been initiated\!\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Electrification Lv.23 \(+13\)', has been initiated.\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Way of the Wind Lv.18 \(+8\)', is activating\!\]

\['Demon King Transformation' is activating\!\]

Effects of the \[Way of the Wind\] were added to Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Red Phoenix
Shunpo\], while the electrical energy from the \[Electrification\] permeated
into the \[Breaking the Sky Thunder Sword\]. And finally, the power of 'Demon
King' was added to the power of 'Transcendent'.

Double the power, triple, quadruple... Yoo Joonghyuk's Status multiplied in an
instant and threateningly spread over the Tongtian's surface.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

As the sparks danced in the air, we dashed towards the 'Secretive Plotter'.
The \[Electrification\] and the \[Breaking the Sky Thunder Sword\] permeated
in the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]. The greatest technique belonging to
both Kyrgios and the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint emitted blinding light
simultaneously, causing a truly incredible storm of sword aura to gush out.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!\!

This was the power capable of cleanly splitting mountains in half and
vaporising the ocean itself.

Unfortunately, the 'Secretive Plotter' remained unperturbed even when facing
such power. Two swords then clashed, emitting screeching friction noise. As I
was sharing the sensation with Yoo Joonghyuk, I felt the full brunt of the
pain akin to my hands being torn to pieces.

We were attacking with both hands, while he used only one. Even then...

How pitiful, Yoo Joonghyuk.

...We failed to cut the 'Secretive Plotter'.

Tsu-chut, tsu-chuchuchut.

Sparks exploding around him indicated that he wasn't even going all out. How
could there be such a large gap between our fighting power if that was the
case?

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is continuing on with its storytelling.\]

The surroundings were morphing into his stage. The hell of regression that
reached 1863 turns. 'Outer Gods' moaning in pain inside burning craters and
countless corpses of the stars strewn about.

The price for escaping the closed universe and dreaming of a new story is for
you to not even remember who you are. Is that the world you've been truly
wishing for?

That evil demon-like voice came from beyond the hellish landscape.

I was confused. It was as if I could almost get what he was saying, but at the
same time, I couldn't readily accept it.

Yoo Joonghyuk that escaped from a closed universe and dreamed of a new story.
I knew of only one 'Yoo Joonghyuk' that fit that criteria.

And if that was true, then...

Then, if the Yoo Joonghyuk I knew was that 'Yoo Joonghyuk'...

\['The Fourth Wall' is getting even thicker.\]

'Kim Dokja, we won't win unless you use that powerful skill'. Yoo Joonghyuk
suddenly yelled out. 'Utilise the Story from the last time'.

I knew what he meant by 'last time'.

The Hell of Eternity, the Story that I used while fighting against Poseidon
in the past.

Back then, we killed Theseus by borrowing the memories of the 362nd turn Yoo
Joonghyuk. I looked at the Story of darkness flowing around the 'Secretive
Plotter' and could only sigh in doubt.

Honestly, I'm not sure whether we can win or not even after using that.

The regression turn I used all my being to read back then was only 362nd.
Things would've improved somewhat by now compared to then, but still, I
couldn't even guess whether that'd be enough to defeat the guy before our eyes
or not.

And also...

That wasn't the only thing making me hesitant here.

If I succeeded in borrowing the strength of Yoo Joonghyuk from higher turn
than 362nd, then this Yoo Joonghyuk would lose his memories alongside me.

Just like how Constellations and Incarnations read Stories, I too read Yoo
Joonghyuk's 'Ways of Survival'.

If I used the Hell of Eternity here, then Yoo Joonghyuk would have to
experience the 'reading' stained by my misunderstandings along with me.

The 'Ways of Survival' I read in order to survive. History that I 'remembered'
as I pleased.

I had one-sidedly twisted or exaggerated the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' in that
'history'. My version was questionable at best, an idealistic depiction of the
reality.

...Dammit.

Even then, I had no choice but to do this unfair thing.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', has begun its storytelling\!\]

While stuck inside the feeling of powerlessness, I flipped the pages. Whether
it was before or after the apocalypse, it was the same story  all I could do
at any given moment was to flip through the pages of a book.

Countless regression turns of Yoo Joonghyuk went past my eyes.

3rd turn, 4th, 5th... 41st... 182nd...

Memories continued to flow by.

Many Yoo Joonghyuks were now staring back at us.

362nd turn... 598th... 724th...

\[Your 'Comprehension' is advancing towards a new possibility\!\]

\[Pages you couldn't read before are now available\!\]

862th... 999th...

Blood welled inside my throat. Pain pummelled my head as if to shatter it into
pieces.

\[999\]. The regression turn that I really liked.

Yoo Joonghyuk's dialogues gradually decreased in the number. This was my
limit.

\[You have reached the highest turn you can read.\]

\[The highest turn 'Yoo Joonghyuk' you can read is '999th'.\]

The message popped up like the final score tied to the book report. But I
couldn't lift up my head. How could reading something be this shameful and
feel so wrong?

It was in exact moment that Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. 'Doesn't matter
how you read it, the one to judge it will be me. So, you simply concentrate on
reading'.

He deflected yet another one of the Secretive Plotter's attacks even though
his body was riddled with wounds. He spoke again. 'It's my freedom to decide
what I hear and what I remember. And I shall decide who I am'.

With a voice I knew so well, he was talking about a story that I didn't know.

'You fool, you are not reading it alone'.

The moment I heard him, something woke up inside me.

It wasn't the memories related to the 'Ways of Survival'. No, it was of the
conversation I had with my mother a long time ago.

"Why are we rereading the story we know already?"

There were stories that didn't change even if you read it again. It'd not
change, because the one reading didn't change.

My mother replied to that question in this manner.

"Shall we read it together, then?"

Reading it together.

\[Your 'Comprehension' is rapidly being enhanced\!\]

As my head became even more of a mess, the pages that I couldn't flip with my
powers alone began flipping over.

1146th... 1398th... 1561th... 1733th...

The people I met in this world were flipping the pages together with me. I
still failed to understand some things, but I got to figure out a few others
just then.

And there were some paragraphs that I'd seemingly never understand.

...\!\!

I thought I heard the 'Secretive Plotter' shout something.

My consciousness continued to waver. Like a man fighting the drowsiness, I
continued to flip the pages again and again  while vomiting blood, while
enduring against the merciless barrage of sparks.

I still didn't know much about Yoo Joonghyuk.

"You can only return to that world after I die, correct?"

"If you remain here, you won't be able to save that world."

However, what if my misunderstanding built up over the period of ten-plus
years could help me reach just a tiny sliver of understanding like some kind
of miracle?

"I've become curious about that world's ."

Then, I'd be able to read it again.

\[The highest turn 'Yoo Joonghyuk' you can read is '1863rd'.\]

The Plotter's Status flying in touched the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and
scattered away.

I dazedly blinked my eyes. As if the overwritten letters were being peeled
off, the \[Character List\] began changing. The number '3' was peeled off, and
new numbers were being engraved there, instead.

And on top of this empty piece of blinding white paper, a page I had never
read before began unfolding.

<Character Summary>

Individual: Yoo Joonghyuk

Exclusive Attributes: Regressor <1864th turn> \(Myth\)

It was a completely new story.


