### Chapter 69: Ep. 14  Master of the Throne, V

I picked up his severed head and asked, "As expected, this is also an avatar.
Han Sooyoung is your real name?"

"Yes."

Han Sooyoung was the First Apostle as I thought. That damn plagiarist was
always hiding like a coward.

"W-W-What is this guy?" People shouted with alarm from all sides. There were
confused voices and voices filled with betrayal. I stepped to one side with
Yoo Sangah and Lee Gilyoung. Of course, Han Sooyoung's talking head was still
held in one hand.

"I was right. It is you who spread out the 'text novel'. Right?"

"That's right, I scattered the text version of your plagiarized novel."

"...The revelation isn't plagiarized."

"It is plagiarism. Did you write the original setting?"

"Don't compare my work to that rubbish."

"You understand what I am saying and don't deny reading the original."

Han Sooyoung glared at me.

"Everyone, kill him\! What are you doing?"

"A-A head is talking\!"

Han Sooyoung's expression distorted. People were alarmed by the turmoil but
showed no signs of acting. In addition, they would soon have no room to worry
about us. I smiled at Han Sooyoung.

"The cliche that you said will start soon."

I waited and there was a burst of light. The rings of light moved, drawing
lines of blood on the bodies of some people.

"What...?"

A person screamed as blood spurted from a body cut to pieces. The people in
the back screamed and moved.

"Damn these guys\!"

It was black magic power that came from a strong presence approaching in front
of me.

"Raise the palanquin."

The neutral voice came from the large palanquin. There was the shadow of
someone inside the palanquin. I reflexively shouted.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi, Gilyoung\! Move back\!"

A voice flowed from the palanquin.

"Move."

The palanquin started to approach the group of people. The three rings of
light mercilessly swept over the battlefield. Dozens of people died at once.

People stared with disbelief as their limbs disappeared and blood spurted. The
start of the battle lines instantly became bare.

"Uwah..."

The terrified group members retreated. In the seething silence, everyone shut
their mouths like dead mice.

The Tyrant King walked out of the palanquin.

"They really aren't very good. The kings of the previous age..."

He held the Three Ring Loop in his hand, an item that released condensed magic
power. It was a hidden item available in northern Seoul but it wasn't
something the original Tyrant King had.

It must be true that he had some prophets.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Jung Youngho

Age: 33 years old.

Sponsor: Great King Heoncheon Hongdo Gyungmun Wimu

Exclusive Attributes: Circus Member \(Rare\), Tyrant King \(Hero\)

Exclusive Skills: Grabbing Techniques Lv. 5, Sky Steps Lv. 3, Weapons Training
Lv. 5.

Stigma: Palanquin Tank Lv. 5, Cheoyongmu Lv. 5, Tyranny Lv. 4

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 30, Strength Lv. 28, Agility Lv. 28, Magic Power
Lv. 34 \(+2\)

Overall Evaluation: The worst tyrant on the Korean Peninsula has met
disgruntled citizens. Small citizens dissatisfied with the social system won't
ignore the opportunities he gives them.

\* 'Starter Pack' is currently applied.

\* A growth package is currently applied.

\* The New Scenarios package is currently applied.

The attributes window made sense. He was so strong because he used three
packages. He also had a constellation who liked to walk dangerously on a
tightrope.

An aura covered his entire body.

The Tyrant King was raising his synchronization with his sponsor to the limit.
Several dokkaebis, including Bihyung, were staring at him from the air. They
were prepared to make a 'plausibility request' at any time if he violated
'plausibility'.

"I certainly was a tyrant. But I am no longer a tyrant."

The Tyrant King, Great King Heoncheon Hongdo Gyungmun Wimu.

"History isn't scary. It is because from today onwards, I will make a new
history for this land."

The top tyrant of the Korean peninsula who wasn't recorded as a 'king' in
history.

"I am Yeonsangun1, born Lee Yung\!"

A tremendous magic power emerged from the Tyrant King as synchronization with
the sponsor reached its limit.

The group members in the way exploded. Level 30 magic power was inserted in
the Three Ring Loop. It was very dangerous.

"Don't back down\!"

"Everyone fight\!"

However, the Anti-Tyrant King Alliance was also unbelievable. Apart from the
other kings, there was also the Maitreya King and the Earth Dragon King.

Once the kings united, the disadvantages were gradually reduced. The other
kings raised the synchronization with their sponsor close to the limit. It
wasn't just the incarnations, the constellations were also desperate.

I looked down at Han Sooyoung's head and asked, "You aren't going to fight?"

Han Sooyoung laughed at my words.

"Laughing? I guess you still have room to spare," I said.

"You... do you think it will go as you planned? Yeonsangun and the other kings
have started to fight. Once they are exhausted, you will be able to take the
Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword. Right?"

It was pretty close.

"But it won't work\! Your act of spreading the text was quite good but I have
been preparing for today much longer than you."

"What nonsense are you saying?"

"In the end, the cliche will win."

The voice of the intermediate dokkaebi was heard in the air.

\[Huhu, everyone is fighting well. Great constellations, are you desperate? I
see. The incarnations and constellations should work hard. Does everyone want
to go up another narrative class?\]

The battlefield quieted down at the dokkaebi's voice.

\[That's why I've brought good news. From now on, the second qualification
test will begin\!\]

\[King's Qualification\]

1\.  The owner of the throne should be braver than anyone else. 

The Absolute Throne never wants a 'weak king'. To challenge the throne, you
must own at least a black flag.

2\.  He who dreams of the throne must desire it. 

The number of 'kings' that can challenge the throne is decided. In order to
gain the right to challenge it, you must remove the other kings around you.

The intermediate dokkaebi laughed.

\[Please note that only five kings can challenge the final qualification of
the Absolute Throne. The remaining number is... let's see.\]

\[Number of kings remaining: 14.\]

The people started murmuring.

"F-Fourteen?"

"Are there still kings outside?"

\[For your reference, there are 12 kings currently inside the hidden
dungeon.\]

I was a bit surprised. There were so many kings in this dungeon. Well, I
didn't think I would be the only 'hidden' king.

"Who is it? Who is the king that is hiding?"

The Tyrant King laughed at the confused people.

"Hahaha\! It is very funny that you are hitting each other in the back of the
head\!"

"Now isn't the time to fight among ourselves\! We must pay attention to the
Tyrant King\!"

It happened when the kings barely regained their sense of reason.

"Here\! This guy is the king\!" Han Sooyoung's head shouted to everyone. "I
saw it\! He has a flag\!"

"What?"

This was really...

I quickly trampled on Han Sooyoung's head. Everyone's attention focused on me.
It was the moment when the death of one of the 'remaining kings' was decided.

"If we kill him..."

I felt it was cheap. The plagiarist's plot was too shallow. Wait a minute,
perhaps?

...How interesting. Was it like that?

I focused on the people secretly moving behind the kings. They were the loyal
subjects that the kings cherished.

"Cough...\!"

The thin knife cut off the head of a king.

\[The number of remaining kings has been reduced.\]

\[Number of kings remaining: 12.\]

The Prudent King and Fighting King were exhausted, while the Maitreya King and
Earth Dragon King were hit hard by the surprise attack. Even the Tyrant King
was stabbed in the side and thighs by three men from behind.

"These damn people...\!"

I realized who was behind this. The humans who betrayed their kings didn't
bleed when their heads were cut off. The gems of the fallen kings were quickly
taken by someone.

"The jewel\! My jewel\!\!"

The star jewels were moved through the hands of the hidden 'avatars' and
gathered in one person's hands.

"I told you. In the end, the cliche won."

A beautiful girl moved through the air and laughed as she landed on a niche.
Surely this wasn't the main body of the plagiarist writer?

...I hadn't expected a woman.

The seven jewels gathered in her hands emitted light.

\[The Fake King Han Sooyoung has gathered all seven star jewels\!\]

\[The seven star jewels are sacrificed to summon a new item.\]

\[Fake King Han Sooyoung is summoning the Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword\!\]

In the end, the plagiarist writer became the master of the Four Yin Demonic
Beheading Sword.

She was the Fake King. It was an attribute that matched amazingly well.

"Dokja-ssi. What should we do?"

"It is still okay."

Yoo Sangah made a strange face at my blase words.

"Is it okay to be so calm? That is a great item."

That's right. The S+ grade item was great. But Yeonsangun's Three Ring Loop
was also an S-grade item. The performance was a bit different but it wasn't
that bad.

"Hahahaha\! Die\! Die\!"

A dazzling magic power poured out of the Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword and
swept through the battlefield. However, people didn't die easily. People
thought they were going to explode but they managed to neutralize her magic
power.

Her magic power was weakened because she used a lot of avatars and above all,
the three main kings were still alive.

The confused Han Sooyoung shouted, "W-What is this? Why is it so weak?"

"Kill her\! Kill her and take away that sword\!"

"U-Uwaaah\! Back off\! Back off\!"

It turned out like this. Han Sooyoung was pushed back to where my party was
located. I said to her,

"The cliche was subverted. This is what usually happens."

"Shut up\!"

"Do you want me to help you?"

"No need\!"

Han Sooyoung cried out and waved her sword again. But she seemed to be getting
pushed back. I wanted to say something to this silly girl. The weapon wasn't
famous because it was strong, but because the original owner was strong.

"I will kill you\!"

The Tyrant King recovered his confidence and started attacking, while the
other kings started to fight as well.

The battle soon became a melee with no allies. By the way, it should be time
for him to come...

Was he still wandering? The northern region of Seoul was far but it was enough
time for him to return.

\[Number of kings remaining: 11.\]

The signboard in the air changed.

\[Number of kings remaining: 10.\]

Ah, indeed.

\[Number of kings remaining: 9.\]

He came.

"W-What?"

"Why is the number dwindling suddenly?"

The surrounding kings were filled with fear. The number of kings started
decreasing for an unknown reason.

\[Number of kings remaining: 8.\]

The fear of the kings' reached the limit as the number decreased to one digit.

"There is someone. Someone is killing the kings\!"

On the other hand, there was someone rejoicing.

The Tyrant King.

"Hahaha\! Who cares? You will also die\!"

The Tyrant King was about to fire the Three Ring Loop again when the ceiling
collapsed and the Tyrant King fell.

Kwaaaaang\!

A formidable storm of magic power struck and the Tyrant King screamed
painfully. The enormous storm of magic power that disassembled all living
things into particles destroyed the Tyrant King's body.

"Uhh...ahhh...uwaaack\!"

Then.

\[Number of kings remaining: 7.\]

Only the cold appearance of a person remained in front of them. The people
close to the unusual scene trembled and flopped down.

"W-What? What is this?"

A man had killed the Tyrant King in a single blow, like he was a bug. The
explosion cleared and his appearance was gradually revealed. The surviving
kings and dying kings, everyone looked at him with captivation.

Han Sooyoung's legs shook with fear and she retreated.

"Nonsense... this is nonsense\!"

The words of her avatar suddenly came to mind. The strongest among the Seven
Kings in Seoul was the Tyrant King. I previously thought so but these words
weren't true.

So far, I had met five out of the Seven Kings, including Han Donghoon who
didn't become a king because of the prophets.

Hermit King of Shadows, Han Donghoon.

King of Beauty, Min Jiwon.

The Maitreya King Cha Sangkyung.

Earth Dragon King Gu Daesung.

Tyrant King Jung Youngho.

Apart from the Neutral King, who hadn't appeared yet, there was still one
person.

Then who was the remaining person? The answer was simple. In fact, I met him
before any other kings.

A furious voice rang through the battlefield.

"Kim Dokja..."

I smiled and waved towards him. A large black flag flew behind the person
heading towards me.

"You came..."

Of the Seven Kings of Seoul, the strongest was naturally the Supreme King, Yoo
Joonghyuk.

  

* * *

\[1\] **Yeonsangun** is considered the worst tyrant of the Joseon Dynasty,
perhaps all of Korean history, notorious for launching two bloody purges of
palace officials. Wiki.


