### Chapter 199: Ep. 38 - Fake Revolutionary, I

\[Someone has made a 'Revolutionary Declaration'.\]

Among the many scenarios in the Demon Realm, the status of the Revolutionary
scenario was large. The only existence that could threaten the dukes sitting
at the highest points of the industrial complex.

A revolutionary. This existence was the hope and legend of the citizens. At
the same time, it was also despair.

That's why the moment I spoke, countless people around me held their breaths.
Their faces wondered if they had heard correctly.

"Why are you so startled? Weren't you looking for the revolutionary?"

My shameless words caused the confusion on people's faces to become
consternation. At the same time, there was a message that only I could hear.

\[You aren't a 'revolutionary'.\]

It was an obvious message. Right now, I was an exile who was outside the
scenario. I couldn't be the 'revolutionary', who was the backbone of the main
scenario of the Demon Realm, when I didn't even have a scenario in the first
place. It was originally supposed to be like this.

\[Your declaration has affected the main scenario of the Syswitz Industrial
Complex.\]

As you know, the most important thing in the Star Stream was the
'probability'.

\[A re volu tion ary?\]

The thick chains covering the scythe were revealed. The executioner took one
step forward and I couldn't help feeling nervous.

Honestly, I currently had no way of killing the executioner. Nevertheless, I
didn't back down. I had to do it here.

"Yes, I am a revolutionary."

\[Why did you re veal your self?\]

"If I stay back, someone else will die."

Jang Hayoung and the other citizens were staring at me with wide open mouths.
I waited nervously as I watched the incoming executioner.

...It was time for the effect to appear.

\[Many citizens admire your courage.\]

That's it.

\[Your noble courage affects the development of the scenario.\]

\[You have caused a big influence on the scenario.\]

\[The scenario will temporarily assign you a status.\]

\[You have become a 'self-proclaimed revolutionary.\]

\[If an existing revolutionary dies, you will be given the position.\]

This was a stepping stone for me to enter the scenario.

\[The hidden scenario 'Self-Proclaimed Revolutionary' has been acquired\!\]

It was the first time that a scenario acquisition message was so welcome. It
might be a hidden scenario and not a main scenario, but it was sufficient for
the moment.

The hidden scenario of the 73rd Demon Realm. It was a secret I wouldn't have
known if it wasn't for Yoo Joonghyuk's countless failures.

"You\! Wait\! Are you really a revolutionary?"

"Hey\!"

The people were unable to control their fear and cried out. However, the
timing wasn't good. Finally, the executioner started to move. Black smoke
emerged from the executioner's mouth and wound itself around my body.

\[The Syswitz Executioner has placed a mark of death on you.\]

\[You have been identified as the scapegoat of the Night.\]

People saw the mark appear around me and shouted, "Get out of the way\!"

"Waaaaahhhhh\!"

The fragments of the broken table scattered in the air and the scythe of the
executioner cut the space in front of it. I dodged the scythe by a hair's
breadth. It would've been difficult to avoid if my body wasn't repaired but
now the story was different.

\[The exile penalty is slightly alleviated.\]

There was a warmth in every breath that I let out. There was a mild aura
around my body and the chill was gone.

I dodged a series of moves from the executioner. Indeed, the difference
between having a scenario and not having a scenario was great. It might be a
hidden scenario but the presence of a story changed the liveliness of my
existence.

\[Revo lution ary?\]

The executioner was a bit surprised by my movements and his momentum changed.

\[The space has temporarily been closed.\]

\[You can't escape from the pub.\]

I smiled bitterly. This was why numerous powerful people couldn't resist the
executioner. There was no way to escape from the executioner in the industrial
complex.

Was that all?

"Dodge you idiot\!" As Jang Hayoung shouted, energy was fired from the
executioner's scythe.

 No citizen of the industrial complex can resist the Executioner. 

\[The execution will take place.\]

His special skill Execution ignored the defense of the opponent and death a
fatal blow. No matter how strong the citizens, they could never endure one
blow from the executioner's scythe.

The executioner's scythe was just about to cut through my body. In my hand,
Blade of Faith cried out violently.

"I'm sorry but I'm not a citizen."

Magic power emerged from the heart of the gold dragon and the Purest Sword
Force wrapped around my fingertips.

"I told you. I am a revolutionary."

Well, I was still a 'self-proclaimed' one. The dazzling white-blue energy
collided with the executioner's scythe and tremendous sparks occurred. In the
midst of these gorgeous effects, a message was heard.

\[You aren't a main scenario participant.\]

\[You aren't a citizen.\]

\[You are an exile.\]

\[You are affected by the 'Execution' effect of the scenario.\]

As expected, I knew it.

\[The effect of 'Execution' is neutralized.\]

The moment I blocked the blow from the scythe, the surrounding incarnations
shouted, "H-He blocked a blow from the executioner\!"

"Is he really a revolutionary?"

Those who didn't know my identity were watching the situation with eyes full
of distrust.

\[Your scenario contribution has increased.\]

The executioner misunderstood me and energy burst from his body.

\[In so lent...\!\]

I talked as if to provoke him. "Don't play around. I know you are only strong
at Night."

\[What?\]

"Once this Night is over, you will surely die." I spoke while twisted Unbroken
Faith in my hand. "I will surely kill you."

The scythe flooded towards me dozens of times. The executioner wasn't weak
just because Execution didn't work. It would just take him a longer time to
dispose of me.

Thus, it was too early to say that the situation was better.

"I can't protect everyone so leave here\!"

Everyone other than me could escape this place because they didn't receive the
effect of the 'mark'. Among those running out of the pub, I saw Jang Hayoung
turning to look back at me.

I quickly glanced at him before using Bookmark.

"Selecting the fourth bookmark, 'Lycaon Isparang'."

\[The exclusive skill 'Way of the Wind Lv. 10 \(+1\) is activated\!\]

It would be easier to win if I used the fifth bookmark, Kyrgios, but winning
this fight wasn't my goal in the first place. No, I couldn't win.

\[The target isn't affected by your attack.\]

\[No one can kill the Executioner until the Night is over.\]

My blade slashed at his collar but this was the only message I received in
return. His execution didn't affect me but my attacks couldn't hurt him while
it was Night.

I had to change the plan. The surrounding pub area was ruined and the power of
the wind started to surge. The dozens of scythe shadows flying through the air
became stuck as the wind blew.

On the other hand, my movements became more active. The balance of speed was
breaking. His movements were always slower than me and I was always one step
faster than him.

This was the essence of Way of the Wind that had reached its limit. It was a
force that controlled all acceleration in the space.

"You are slow like a slug?"

\[Ku a a a ah.\]

The scythe of the angry executioner started to randomly move through the air.
Normally I wouldn't be hit by such attacks.

However, the goddess of luck from Olympus laughed at me and one scythe
accidentally entered the range.

"Ick\!"

The moment the unexpected blow was about to strike me in the side, my right
arm suddenly twisted into a strange shape and I blocked it.

\[The talent of the sword master that sits in your right arm is shining\!\]

I was surprised as well. I didn't think the fragments of the story worked in
this way.

\[The user of the incomplete story has made your body's status unstable.\]

\[Your stories might be at risk if you continue fighting excessively.\]

I bit my lips. The coldness was once again coming back. I had acquired a
hidden scenario but I couldn't use excessive force to deal with the
executioner.

I shouldn't continue fighting against it. I had to buy time while avoiding it
as much as possible. At least until this damn Night was over.

\[You will di e.\]

I didn't respond and kept using Way of the Wind. It would've been nice if Yoo
Joonghyuk was here. If I had the help of a transcendent then I could easily
endure this long Night.

However, no one was here.

Judge of Destruction Jung Heewon.

Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung.

Maritime Admiral Lee Jihye.

My lovely kids, Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung.

Han Sooyoung... well, she wouldn't have helped if she was here.

Here, I was alone. I believed in the information I knew and the stories I had
built up. Myself as well.

There were screams from the nervous people as the executioner's movements
started to become slightly dull. I started mocking him. "What, are you tired?"

I knew an invincible person like this would never feel exhaustion. It was more
annoyance than exhaustion. My words were actually to hide my condition.

\[Bookmark's duration is about to expire.\]

The time that I could use Way of the Wind was 30 minutes at most. In the first
place, Bookmark wasn't a skill that could last a long time.

By the way, the executioner was laughing. There was a creepy sound effect and
dozens of executioners appeared. The most terrible thing about the Night was
that there wasn't one executioner. All executioners in the Syswitz Industrial
Complex gathered in this small pub and stared at me.

\[Your mis take.\]

He deliberately consumed time while collecting his colleagues. It was to
definitely kill me during this Night.

I watched the movements of the executioners surrounding me and modified my
posture.

This was unavoidable. It was impossible to run away from them even if I used
Way of the Wind.

"No, you are the one who made a mistake."

However, 30 minutes was enough to achieve my goal. I watched the incoming
scythes and opened my arms.

Numerous scythes broke through the air towards my body. Some incarnations
closed their eyes and sighed bitterly. This soon turned to cries of surprise.

The scythes that should've surely pierced me and torn me apart. The scythes
stopped in the air.

\[Wh at?\]

The confused executioners looked at the weapons in the air with stupid eyes. I
suddenly recalled a sentence from Ways of Survival.

 There are two ways to withstand Night in the industrial complex. 

 One is to run away from the executioners until the end of the Night. 

 And the other one... 

"Have you forgotten? There isn't only the evolutionary and executioner in this
scenario."

This was followed by a message in my ears.

\[Someone is using their vitality to protect you.\]

The second way to survive the Night is with the help of the Guardian. 

As expected. I thought this would lead to the hidden 'guardian' coming out.
Aileen said that even the council members didn't know who the revolutionary
was.

This meant that other incarnations didn't know the identity of the
revolutionary. In other words, they couldn't protect the revolutionary when
they didn't know the revolutionary.

Yet what if I declared myself the revolutionary?

\[The guardian was successful and the mark of death has been released\!\]

The executioner could only use the mark of death once in one night. The mark
had been released so today's execution was over.

The executioner spoke in a bloodthirsty voice. \[...Your luck is go od.\]

"You better be careful. Next time we meet, it will be daytime."

The executioners gritted their teeth and scattered one by one. The dreary
sound of the flutes disappeared and the darkness went out like a tide.

Outside the pub, the incarnations were staring inside with passionate eyes.
The arrogant Jang Hayoung was glancing this way with shocked eyes. I wondered
if I should say something before eventually shrugging and waving my hand.

"N-New revolutionary\! A new revolutionary has appeared\!"

Along with the citizens' shouts, the short Night was finally over. I looked at
the citizens and had a thought.

One of them would be a 'guardian'. The future scenarios must be performed with
the guardian.

I looked up at the sky and it was still dark. I sometimes saw a few stars but
they were so dim I couldn't see them properly.

Uriel, the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal...

It would've been nice if those guys were watching but unfortunately, there was
no message. Still, I should be satisfied with today.

\[No one died tonight.\]


