### Chapter 455: Ep. 86 - The square circle, II

I began thinking about how this event came to be.

One, I was bound tightly.

Two, I was thrown inside an unfamiliar mountainside.

No matter how hard I analysed it, the end result always came back to
'kidnapping', but who would dare to infiltrate the <Kim Dokja's Company> and
kidnap me? Which could only mean...

"...is..."

"...Dokja...Untie...?"

"Ack?..."

Faint voices could be heard coming from somewhere.

I grunted and struggled to free myself, and then, staggered towards where
those voices were coming from. I brushed past the thickets and around 30
seconds later, ran into a fairly wide campsite manned by my companions.

"Ah, so he came on his own volition, then." Han Sooyoung snickered and waved
her hand towards me. "What are you looking at? Haven't you seen an industrial
strike action before?"

"Hang on a minute, this..."

"What a nice breeze. Dokja-ssi, why don't you come and lie down here?"

Jung Heewon was lying spread-eagled on the ground looking up at the sky right
next to Han Sooyoung. She moved her arms as if they were her wings, causing
the fragrant green blades of grass to fall and get back up again and again.

Han Sooyoung then began muttering in a reverential voice. "Grass lies down.
Faster than wind, it lies down."

"Ohh."

"Jung Heewon too lies down. Faster than wind she lies down and before the gust
comes she stands up first."

"Not bad?"

While looking at this sudden breakout of a poetry reading competition, as well
as Jung Heewon providing timely support fire, I asked them in a dazed voice.

"Just what is going on...?"

"This is the workers' revolution, dumbass."

"Okay, you've been harping on about a revolution and whatnot for a while now,
but..."

"Argh, I just want to take a damn break. Do I need to spell it out for you??"

I frowned after she berated me.

Taking a break?

"What are you talking about? Don't you know what era we're in right now?"

"What era are we in, then?"

I wasn't sure what to say when she retorted back like that. What did she mean
by 'what' era we were in?

\[Currently, the Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company> possesses the qualification to
enter the Final Scenario.\]

\[Remaining time to enter the scenario is: 28 days, 12 hours, 15 minutes and 7
seconds.\]

I calmly replied to ensure that I wouldn't get sucked into her pace. "We don't
have the time for this. The Final Scenario is literally just around the
corner."

"And that's why we need to take a breather now. If not, when can we be able
to, like this?" said Han Sooyoung, while sighing out grandly. "Look around
you. Don't spend your day buried in your smartphone, alright? You still wanna
work even after coming to a place like this?"

After hearing her, I began scanning the surrounding terrain for the first
time.

Indeed, we were in a fertile, green forest. I wasn't sure which mountain it
was  Jirisan, Seoraksan, or Hallasan... In any case, it was a really beautiful
mountain, alright. The sunlight wasn't too strong, while the wind blowing felt
cool to the skin. It was perfect weather for camping, in other words.

I hesitated somewhat before speaking up. "Uhm, I'm not saying that we
shouldn't take a break, but... Uh, it's good to rest, but what I'm saying is
that we should finish what we need to do first. Right now, we're..."

"Holy cow. Dokja-ssi, you're really 'kkondae' minded, aren't you? Is every
company representative out there like you?" Said Jung Heewon, while lightly
tapping my shin. "Representative-nim? When you're taking a break, you're
supposed to just do it."

My head became complicated.

Han Sooyoung glared at me when I didn't say a thing and addressed me in a sour
tone of voice. "Sure, you're oh-so-right. Everyone shouldn't be resting at the
same time, so at least one person should be in a scenario. Why don't you go
ahead?"

"What?"

"I'm saying, why don't you do the scenario that you love so much?"

After hearing her, my gaze abruptly shifted up to the air to discover an
actual scenario window floating up there.

\[Sub Scenario  'Workers' Off-day' has been generated\!\]

I had never even heard of such a scenario before so I quickly accessed the
scenario window.

<Sub Scenario  Workers' Off-day>

Type: Sub

Difficulty: ???

Clear condition: You're the head representative of the Nebula <Kim Dokja's
Company>. Due to your exploitation and harsh treatment, employees of <Kim
Dokja's Company> are currently in a very fatigued state. They are greatly
dissatisfied with you, the head of the Nebula, and are in the middle of a
strike. As their boss, you must listen to their complaints and appease them.
In consideration of your weak communication skill, the total goal for
complaint resolution will be set at 5 people.

Time Limit: 12 hours

Reward: Trust from <Kim Dokja's Company>'s employees

Failure: Death \(?\)

Death?\! What the hell, what kind of a scenario is this...?

I looked up at the sky, and Biyoo went "Baat" up there.

Han Sooyoung grumbled directly aimed at me. "Seriously, man. This guy needs to
be told through a scenario just to understand it."

  

* * *

  

While feeling anxious, I looked around my surroundings.

My companions seemed to be enjoying themselves. Han Sooyoung was busy reciting
parody poems, while Jung Heewon had fallen asleep among the grass. Lee
Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung were butting heads and growling at each other.

"Hey, Shin Yoosung. Let's make a bet. Let's see who can catch the bigger
dinner today."

"What are we betting on?"

"The loser grants the winner one wish, okay?"

"Call."

The kids quickly sprinted towards the forest and Yoo Sangah called out to
them. "Be careful."

There was a small valley with a flowing stream next to the campsite; Gong
Pildu sat on the fishing chair he brought along, and while looking at his lure
in the water, he yawned out relaxedly. Han Myungoh sitting next to him was
muttering about this and that.

"If only we were out by the ocean, I'd have caught a seabream this big..."

I heard the refreshing sounds of water flowing in the valley as well as
mountain birds chirping away. It felt as if the calming greenery of the
overgrown mountainside was slowly collapsing on myself.

It was as if I was still dreaming.

This sort of affectionate behaviour felt uncomfortable to me, like some kind
of ill-fitting clothes. Was it okay to be like this? Was it okay to experience
moments like this already?

I searched for Yoo Joonghyuk.

Indeed, we shouldn't be like this. If it was him, he should agree with me. He
must be standing around somewhere while glaring at the group. Along with that
scary light in his eyes, he'd start lecturing everyone, beginning with "You
fools...\!"

I quickly located him.

I was about to raise my hand and call out to him, but then, stopped after
realizing something was off there, too.

Chi-eeeik.

He was actually cooking over there. Standing before a large grille, his hands
were moving around in a showy fashion to grill some meat. Vegetables were
sizzling and shuddering inside the frying pan. The \[Breaking the Sky
Swordsmanship\] capable of destroying the heavens was now used to chop
vegetables and meat.

I even forgot to call out to him and stared at that spectacle in a pure daze.

...Just what in freaking hell was going on here?

In the next second, his eyes shifted over in my direction. He then silently
conveyed his words with that trademark scary glare of his. I didn't need to
resort to the \[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint\] to tell what those eyes were
saying  it was most definitely...

You can look all day long, but you aren't getting any of this food.

...That's what those eyes probably meant to say.

His sides were occupied by both Yoo Mia and Lee Jihye, their eyes filled with
deep interest and anticipation.

"Now."

Yoo Mia opened her mouth, and Yoo Joonghyuk moved his chopsticks with an
emotionless face. He was like a mother bird, picking up a piece of meat to
place it in her mouth. She grinned brightly.

"It's really tasty."

Lee Jihye blankly standing around opened her mouth, too. He studied her for a
moment or two, before placing more meat inside Yoo Mia's mouth, instead. That
carried on for four, maybe five more times, and eventually, Lee Jihye shut her
mouth.

"Master, you're too heartless."

Unable to endure it any longer, she personally moved her chopsticks. However,
his frying pan shifted according to the eye-catching trajectory of the \[Red
Phoenix Shunpo\] to avoid her hands. She grew tearful first before getting
rather stubborn about it.

"Oh, so you wanna have a go, is that it??"

I seriously couldn't tell whether I was inside the world of the 'Ways of
Survival', or the Ice-cold Handsome Regressor Yoo Joonghyuk Shouldn't be
Doing This world.

He continued evading Lee Jihye's chopsticks and fed his little sister Yoo Mia
without twitching his eyebrows once, remaining utterly expressionless.
However, there was something I could glean from that.

And I came to a realization, He was genuinely serious about being here.

Even though we are in this sort of time frame, why did Yoo Joonghyuk let this
event happen?

I wasn't the only head representative of <Kim Dokja's Company>. In more ways
that one, Yoo Joonghyuk was a far more obstinate person than I was, and also,
boasted far greater experience in running a group such as this one.

Yet, such a person had willingly participated in this camping trip.

Y ou re ally ca n't t ell, Kim Dok ja?

Accompanying \[The Fourth Wall\]'s voice, several paragraphs unfolded
themselves before my eyes.

Author-nim, how about going to a beach during this regression turn?

That was a comment I posted a long time ago.

Even though I remembered so much about the 'Ways of Survival', I had forgotten
all about the comments I posted. Now that I thought about it, there was one
event that Yoo Joonghyuk never missed during his countless repeated
regressions.

"Today, we take a break."

That would be taking an off-day.

It happened during the original 'Ways of Survival', but hadn't happened so far
in this world.

Every time they were about to encounter another important hurdle, he'd take
his companions to a different planet's tourist attractions. Of course, he had
the pretext of finding necessary items for the upcoming scenarios, but he
didn't force his group to do the same things as him.

"Master, come join us and have some fun\!"

"Hey, Lee Jihye. Kekeke. Take a gander at my abs, will ya. Even my Black
Flame Dragon praised m..."

"We're going to eat Joonghyuk-ssi's cooking today, right?"

Even Yoo Joonghyuk was like that, yet what was I like?

...We must get ready for the next scenario.

We were always in a hurry as if we were being pursued. We never had any
leeway. And as we got to the latter half of the scenarios, such tendency grew
even stronger. Our goal was 'always' right in front of our eyes. I acted as if
the scenario themselves would break down if we didn't solve whatever it was in
time. But now that I began thinking deeply about it, the scenarios would've
been just fine even if we didn't hurry up and do something about them.

"H-hey, Lee Gilyoung\!\! We agreed not to use any skills here, didn't we?\!"

"When did I?\! You gotta give it your best always\!"

I heard the kids' voices as they were returning with hunted prey.

Soon after that, I heard Han Sooyoung's loud call that reverberated throughout
the valley. "Alright, then. The treasure hunt event will now begin\! The prize
is a Star Relic from the Black Flame Dragon\!"

"Whaa, really? From that Black Flame Dragon?"

"I've hidden it somewhere in the valley, so the first one to find it is the
winner\! Ah, right. You're forbidden from using your skills. Got that? Besides
that, there are other prizes too, so..."

"That Star Relic is mine\!"

Han Myungoh quickly discarded his fishing rod and jumped inside the stream,
but a little while later, Jung Heewon grabbed hold of his head and threw him
out of the water. In no time at all, Lee Jihye and the kids returning from
their hunting trip all jumped into the valley's water, too.

"Yo, hold up, Jihye noona\!\! That's \[Ghost Fleet\]\! You think I won't
notice it just because they are tiny now??"

"Lee Gilyoung\! Are you seriously taming water bugs? You cheater\!?"

"Both of you, disqualified\!"

How long had it been since all of my companions were smiling together like
this? Maybe, this could be our first time. They were able to smile even though
the scenarios hadn't ended yet. They were able to chat away in happiness like
that, and share their stories.

And while looking at that spectacle, Kim Dokja suddenly felt lonely for some
reason.

Could it be that I had failed to understand a single thing about the 'Ways of
Survival'  no, wait, regarding my companions, instead? Maybe, because I was
drunk in the fantasy of witnessing the Conclusion, I actually ended up missing
all the countless words that had to be read in order to reach the true
Conclusion?

\[You have currently resolved 0 complaints.\]

A scenario that previously felt like nothing important suddenly felt as
imposing and difficult as a 'Giant Story' now.

I plopped down below a parasol and dazedly looked on. Someone lightly tapped
me on the shoulder.

"How goes it with your scenario?"

Yoo Sangah grinned refreshingly.

I replied with a powerless grin of my own, and she addressed me again. "Well,
Dokja-ssi, your communication skill has always been a little lacking, so it
can't be helped, I guess. You were also like that back when we were working
for the company."

"...I was?"

"You really didn't speak all that much to other people."

I became utterly speechless after she mercilessly carpet-bombed me with facts.
But then again, after giving it a bit of thought, it made total sense. I grew
up without a friend from a young age. I wasn't clued in on how to socialise
with other people, and back then, I only thought about how to weasel myself
out of the company meal get-together. I figured that, rather than wasting time
doing that, I might as well read the 'Ways of Survival' one more time instead.

Kim Dok ja y ou h ave a fri end no w

And then, here was an inorganic 'substance' that tried to rile me up by saying
that it was my friend.

Yoo Sangah settled down beneath the parasol too, and observed our companions
with a relaxed gaze. Perhaps she was going for the camping look herself,
because rather than the usual Buddhist robe, she was now wearing a casual one-
piece with a wide-brimmed straw hat. She sure knew how to match the atmosphere
regardless of where she was. She was someone too good to be kept in the <Kim
Dokja's Company> run by a pretty useless leader, at the very least.

"Sangah-ssi, do you by any chance regret getting in the subway that day?"

I wasn't sure why I asked her that. Even now, the events of the very first
scenario remained vivid in my mind.

If only Yoo Sangah's bicycle didn't get stolen.

If she got her start from somewhere else, then she might not have become
<Olympus>'s Incarnation. Maybe, she wouldn't have to die, either. She wouldn't
have to experience the pain of reincarnation, too...

"No, I don't."

I had never seen such a determined expression on her face before.

"So, Dokja-ssi. You mustn't regret anything, either."

"Pardon? Regarding what...?"

"I mean, everything."

I wasn't sure what to say to her. It felt as if I'd only sound like an ass
just by thanking her or expressing my gratitude. The 'Ways of Survival' never
taught me what I should say in moments like this.

As if she could read my mind, she grinned refreshingly and pointed to someone
over yonder.

"I think it'll be for the best that you speak to that person first."


