### Chapter 478: Ep. 91 - One Single Story, II

Kwa-aaaaah\!

The Great Sage's Status enveloping my entire body now concentrated on the
\[Ruyi Jingu Bang\] held in my right hand. Just like that day on the Tongtian,
when we were fighting against the Constellations.

If there was one thing different, then I was now using the complete power of
that 'Sun Wukong'.

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones' has completely permeated in
you\!\]

"I shall open up a path."

I swung the \[Ruyi Jingu Bang\] and a huge hole opened up in the center of the
tsunami wave. However, it was filled back up in an instant.

\[Youcantyoucantyoucantyoucantyoucant\]

From the island that the 999th turn's Lee Jihye had brought up, the 'Nameless
Ones' began crawling out. Their number was so great that fighting them seemed
impossible, but even then, the Great Sage didn't panic at all.

\[Destroy them.\]

I felt this jolt from the arm raised up in the air, and thick, gloomy clouds
suddenly filled up the sky. Somersault clouds carrying thunderbolts rang
around within the heavens above. Then, blinding blue rays of light crashed on
the ocean.

Kwa-booooom\!\!

Several strands of lightning smacked into the sea and tore through everything
there to carve out a path. These bolts of lightning continued to smash down
many more times. What an enormous amount of Status that was.

This was the power of the one who had reached the last scenario, the Great
Sage, Heaven's Equal, often referred to as the strongest Constellation ever
was.

\[Gah-gahk, gagagagagahk?\]

However, there were several creatures that managed to withstand the storm of
lightning bolts. They were slightly larger than the previous Outer Gods.

\[We ki ll the Con stel lat ions\]

\[End of sta rs dra ws ne ar\]

These 'Outer Gods' could string along more concise words. These upper rank
creatures travelled through the underwater tunnel and rose up to the ocean's
surface.

"Son of a...\!"

Han Sooyoung next to us cried out.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The ground beneath the ocean rocked and lava began boiling up to the surface.

"Everyone, get away\!"

We quickly climbed aboard Lee Jihye's \[Turtle Dragon\] and rose up to the
sky. The hazy surface of the ocean was soon filled up with wiggling creatures.

\[De stru cti on of the wor ldli ne is co ming\]

The 'Outer Gods' descended to this world while spewing out some ominous-
sounding lines. We had encountered a creature like that before  during the
earlier days of the scenario, on the battlefield of the \[Dark Castle\].

\['The Fourth Wall' is faintly stirring.\]

Perhaps, the \[Devourer of Dreams\], now acting as a librarian inside the
wall, was watching this spectacle as well.

"How are we supposed to kill those things??"

Han Sooyoung gritted her teeth and emitted \[Black Flame\] from both of her
hands. Tentacles several kilometers long rose up above the ocean at the same
time, causing the tidal waves messily mixed in with magma to rise up even
taller than mountain ranges.

For some reason, I recalled a certain sentence from the 'Ways of Survival'.

The calamity flooding out from the rising island eventually covered up
everything on the surface of the planet.

If this went on, then the Earth of this worldline would end up exactly in that
state, too.

"Great Sage\!"

I borrowed the power of the Great Sage and faced off against the incoming
tidal waves.

The Ruyi Jingu Bang grew in size in the blink and began smacking away the
'Nameless Ones' trying to get closer. I destroyed a building-sized wave and
smashed apart a tentacle flying in. However, there was no end in sight.

The tidal wave simply grew larger and larger.

If I managed to beat back one wave, then the second showed up. When I
destroyed that, the third one pounced on us. And at the center of all these
waves were the 'Master of the Sunken Island' and other 'Outer God Kings'.

\[...It's not going to be easy this time.\]

Even the Great Sage was saying something like that.

At this rate, we'd be finished even before our enemies get here.

"Is there any other way to break past that?"

\[Need more time.\]

After leaving those words, the Great Sage began gathering more Status. My
heart rapidly grew warmer and the Story in my veins circulated quickly. Since
I knew what he was preparing for, I didn't bother to ask anymore. If my
thoughts were correct, then he was getting ready to use that skill from the
final pages of the 'Ways of the Survival'.

The question was, could my companions and me last until then?

In order to buy time, we need to combine our strengths.

No matter how excellent both Uriel and the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon were as
Constellations, it was still too difficult for them to endure. Not to mention,
there were four 'Kings' that side.

...Wait, four?

Kwa-rurururu\!

The shield of steel slapped away several tentacles flying in.

I looked at those huge shoulders standing before me and spoke. "Hyunsung-ssi."

The 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung looked back at me, half of his expression filled
with worry, and the other half, confusion.

"We need your help. Please, help us stop the calamity."

He quietly stared at me before asking a question. Can you promise me?

I didn't ask what that promise was, because I felt like I already knew.

"I don't know if I can protect it, but I'll do my best."

He stared at me for a bit longer, then his eyes blinked slowly. And right next
moment, his eyes shone in the silvery light.

I shall believe in you Story.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

Massive branches of steel sprouted from the sides of our ship. They grew in an
instant and became walls on four sides. While crashing into the waves and the
'Nameless Ones', they continued their rapid expansion.

A short while later, a square pathway with an open center was created before
our eyes. It was a tunnel created by the advancing walls of steel.

Please go ahead.

I nodded and began running on the tunnel.

How long did we run like that? I spotted a familiar face at the end of the
tunnel.

"Heewon-ssi\!"

Jung Heewon was busy swinging her sword in the middle of the 'Nameless Ones'.
Companions and I quickly crossed the tunnel and aided her.

"I'm sorry, I couldn't break past them."

She bit her lower lip and muttered out in bitterness. Her voice was thick with
despair.

She couldn't even get near the 999th turn's Uriel and ended up too preoccupied
with cutting down these 'Nameless Ones' pouncing on her from the sky.

\[Gyah-ahahahah\]

The steel walls shook heavily while emitting crunching noises. 'Outer Gods'
were frantically pouncing on them as if they'd devour us in an instant.

If we took just one step outside these walls, then they'd really rip us apart
like piranhas, that's for sure.

Crunch, cruuuunch...

The sounds of the 'Nameless Ones' gnawing on the metal walls could be heard
next.

"Danger...\!"

And then, the 'Nameless Ones' rushed towards us from the exit of the tunnel.
They pounced on us like rabid dogs, their slobbering tongues wildly wagging.

\[Ah, aaaaaah\!\]

In the next second, though, something akin to bright light fell from the sky
and sliced apart every single one of them before our eyes. Someone had carved
up the tunnel we were standing in from the outside.

We were treated to the sight of the great apocalypse's battlefield outside the
sliced-open tunnel.

The dead 'Nameless Ones' created huge islands of corpses. While looking at
this horrible sight of forgotten Stories dying meaningless deaths, the
children began retching uncontrollably.

I too became speechless and looked at this battlefield.

Someone murmured in a tearful voice.

"Just why, to go this far..."

This was the 'great apocalypse'. The scenario that Yoo Joonghyuk from the
original storyline had to fight through. And even now, that very Yoo Joonghyuk
was fighting against the 'Outer God Kings' in the middle of this great
battlefield.

Boooom\!\!

There seemed to be flashes of light on one side of the empty sky, only for an
echo of explosion noise to reverberate all the way to the other side. Some
things moved with speed that my eyes could barely chase after. The ones that
sliced apart the tunnel we stood in were engaged in a bitter battle.

I even forgot that we were in a battlefield and was lost in that scene for a
little while.

\[Giant Story, 'Delusional Design', is loudly yapping on\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is continuing on with its storytelling\!\]

The strongest beings from the forgotten worldline were busy competing with the
Stories. The torrents of \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\] and the
\[Hellfire\] resisting it, and then the remnants of the \[Black Flame\] mixed
in to create a massive tornado.

Strong winds generated from the sword images collided among the gloomy clouds,
and ancient Stories howled on like aged dragons. Stories were screaming as if
to tear the sky apart.

The living histories were colliding and extinguishing right before our eyes.
And at the center of all the stories was Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\].

We couldn't afford to waste the precious time he had bought for us. I pointed
to our front and spoke. "The cause of these waves is the 'Sunken Island'
itself."

The 'Nameless Ones' flooded in like dust clouds. Then, upper-rank Outer Gods
raising up even more waves behind them. And finally, the 'Sunken Island' in
the center of them all.

Most likely, the 999th turn's Lee Jihye was in the middle of that island.

"Our priority is to demolish that island. The most optimal course of action is
to subdue the 999th turn's Lee Jihye, but..."

I took a look beyond the encroaching waves. If the culprit behind this 'great
apocalypse' event, the 'Master of the Sunken Island' Lee Jihye, was subdued,
the disaster itself should peter out, but the problem was with how to get
there.

Han Sooyoung spoke up.

"Don't forget, the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon and Uriel is over there, too. Even
if Yoo Joonghyuk is facing off against Uriel, what will you do about Kim
Namwoon?"

"Don't worry. I have a plan."

Even now, we were at a disadvantage in our combat strength. Well, we had
already exhausted a considerable amount of energy during the earlier fights,
after all. However, we weren't completely on the back foot, either.

"Gilyoung-ah, Yoosung-ah. Release the insects and monsters to stop the
movements of the Outer Gods as much as possible. Yoo Sangah-ssi, if you see an
opening, try to cast one more debuff on that Lee Jihye, please. Han Sooyoung,
you take care of the 'Nameless Ones' showing up in our rear."

"What about you?"

"I'll create a path. Heewon-ssi, please come with me."

The moment Jung Heewon nodded her head, I unleashed my Status.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is unleashing his Status\!\]

With excellent timing, I sensed Lee Hyunsung's Story enveloping my body next.
The outer layer created through the \[Steel Transformation\] sprouted above my
skin. We certainly made the right call to go to <Oz> first. We definitely
needed his \[Story metal\] in order to efficiently destroy the outer layers of
those 'Nameless Ones'.

"Now, everyone\!"

We leapt above the steel walls in the air simultaneously and then, descended
towards the tidal wave.

'Outer Gods' noticed our movements and howled out at the same time.

Du-dudududu\!

Gong Pildu's shells, now coated with the \[Story metal\], flew in from afar to
penetrate cleanly through the outer layers of the 'Nameless Ones'. Using the
sounds of the cannons as our interludes, we ran on top of the waves.

Tentacles flew in at us with no gaps in between them, but Han Sooyoung burned
them away.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is roaring out\!\]

The \[Black Flame\]'s fires caused the Outer Gods to scream in pain.

Jung Heewon and I continued to run on this path. We felt the time/space
surrounding the island faintly distort. Yoo Sangah was activating her powers
now.

"Dokja-ssi, over there\!"

We saw the gigantic \[Turtle Dragon\] taking up the highest location of the
island in the distance. The 999th turn's Lee Jihye was standing on top of the
ship's figurehead to command the 'Outer Gods'.

Hahaha, where do you think you're going?\! As if he was waiting for us, the
999th turn's Kim Namwoon revealed himself. I shall protect our Jihye\!

Even though he was in the middle of fighting Yoo Joonghyuk, he must've had
enough leeway to interfere with us. Maybe, Yoo Joonghyuk was in some kind of
danger right now. I gave the signal to Jung Heewon.

"Don't worry about me and go help Yoo Joonghyuk first. I'm sure he's slowly
reaching his limit by now."

"Don't get killed. Understand?"

Jung Heewon spread open her wings and disappeared in order to aid Yoo
Joonghyuk.

Isn't that so sweet? But, don't you worry. I'll send both of you away in an
instant\!

Kim Namwoon's figure seemed to melt. His shadow split apart into hundreds and
countless figures leapt out from them.

Kim Dokja thought to himself. He couldn't dodge this.

Hundreds, no, thousands of daggers were unilaterally aiming for my body. They
moved as if they were alive. The peak of 'knife fighting' Kim Namwoon had
comprehended was permeating within each and every one of those blade tips. And
each attack was strong enough to leave a fatal wound. Even then, I quietly
smiled.

"When I met you for the first time, you also wielded your knife at me."

But, it's my first time meeting you?

"Kim Namwoon, aren't you curious how you of this world died?"

One of Kim Namwoon's clones frowned after hearing me. Who cares how that
weakling got killed??

I used the \[Ruyi Jingu Bang\] to deflect the incoming daggers. A few of them
still managed to leave behind deep cuts on my thigh and shoulder, but
thankfully, Lee Hyunsung's \[Story metal\] defended against the attacks in my
stead.

Unfortunately, even his forged steel began developing cracks at the vicious
barrage of attacks raining down.

As if to fully recreate a certain memory, I started evading the incoming
attacks.

Waist, right side.

Right eye.

Left thigh.

Tsu-chut, chuchuchut...

Faint sparks danced about. I took a step back after getting hit by two more
daggers.

"You were trash in this worldline. A thug who killed a powerless old man just
to clear the first scenario."

That's what the first scenario was about, anyway. I ain't curious about such
shit...\!

"You wielded the dagger just like now, until you ended up on your knees
begging for your life like a pathetic loser. And then, died miserably after
your head exploded."

For the first time ever, his movement came to a stop. His previous mischievous
expression was nowhere to be found, only his glare aimed at me remaining.

"Aren't you curious about who killed you like that?"

The dagger was now aiming for my left eye.

"Oh the sword forged to cut down the sleeping giants. Descend to this place,
now\!"

Kwa-aaaaaah\!

Everything before my eyes seemed to wane as the massive storm of aftermath
raged on. A steel giant was summoned through the dimensions and it now stood
there imposingly.

The greatest Story weapon in \[Tartarus\], Pluto. A bright voice belonging to
Kim Namwoon came out from its cockpit.

\[Hahaha\! Hey, Grasshopper man, been a while...\]

However, I couldn't smile back to him. Because what I was about to do should
prove to be very inhumane to this guy.

\[Huh? What's this?\]

Kim Namwoon discovered something small floating before his nose and tilted his
head. Almost at the same time, the other Kim Namwoon muttered in sheer
dumbfoundedness.

...A giant robot???

\[Uwaaaaahk?\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!\!

\[Same existences from different worldlines have met for the first time\!\]

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon didn't possess a Story of fighting against me.
However, what about now?

\['Disconnected Film Theory' is activating\!\]

Memories were connecting; as the two existences from different worldlines met
each other, the unconnected Story momentarily would become one.

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon, the 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', glared at me
with his brows arched up high. It seemed that he had realized everything.

You...

"That's right. The one who killed you in this worldline is..."

The surrounding time and space transformed. Into that of the subway from the
first scenario. To the place where I killed Kim Namwoon.

I grinned and continued on.

\['Stage Transformation' is activating\!\]

"It was none other than me."


