### Chapter 59: Ep. 12  First Person Protagonist's Point of View, V

Writer. It was one of the few occupations in Ways of Survival that could give
the Avatar ability.

Some of his strange miracles would be explained if he was a writer.

The lips of the 1st Apostle subtly twisted.

"Writer... do you mean the creator of the Book of Revelations? You have found
out. That's right, I wrote the Book of Revelations."

I didn't mean this but this bastard was suddenly talking nonsense. For me, it
was a truth that wasn't possible. I looked towards Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint has been activated\!\]

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk is currently using Lie Detection Lv. 6.\]

I knew it. He was a meticulous jerk. I asked once again, "You wrote the Book
of Revelations?"

"Yes. At the same time, I am also the sole owner of the Book of Revelations."

A confident laugh emerged. Really? Let's challenge it once.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used 'Lie Detection Lv. 6'.\]

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk has confirmed that the statement is true.\]

...What? This guy was telling the truth? I suddenly panicked and my circuits got
tangled up. It wasn't possible no matter how I thought about it.

I hid my confusion and asked again, "What exactly is the 'revelation' you are
talking about?"

"Why are you asking when you already know? A great epic about the future."

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk has confirmed that the statement is true.\]

...Strange. There was some truth about it?

"Now it is your turn. How did you know about the plan of me and the apostles?
Are you also an apostle?"

"You wrote the Book of Revelations yourself? Then shouldn't you know?"

"It is fun to be an omniscient creator?"

He giggled like a leisurely villain while I regained my composure. No matter
how I looked, he wasn't the author of Ways of Survival.

If he was really the writer of Ways of Survival, there was no way he wouldn't
know that he gave me a text version.

"By the way, it is interesting. I thought the woman in Seodaemun Prison would
be the last apostle but a man like you was hiding..."

"...Seodaemun prison?"

"Hmm, you don't know yet? Let's trade. Reveal your true identity. Then I will
give you some information."

"Let's see? I don't think you have information that I want."

"I might've been overpowered but this isn't my real body. You were a bit
lucky..."

"I know information about the future."

I deliberately interrupted him. Now was the time to sprinkle a bit of spice
for Yoo Joonghyuk.

"In addition, I know much more than you."

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk has confirmed that your words are true.\]

The expression of the 1st Apostle stiffened.

"You're barking nonsense. I know more than you..."

At this moment, something flashed in his eyes.

"Wait a minute, perhaps?"

The moment he realized something, I also noticed something. This guy, was it
'him'? Right now, there were five truths that I knew.

One, he had read Ways of Survival. Two, his occupation was a 'writer'. Three,
he wasn't the writer who wrote Ways of Survival. Four, he wrote a 'text' that
told the future. Five, his knowledge was only 'somewhat' accurate.

I read through 3,149 chapters of Ways of Survival.

As far as I knew, Ways of Survival wasn't popular and there was no illegal
text version. But if he was the guy that I thought... it would be understandable
if this guy had a 'text' version and knew a lot about Ways of Survival.

I opened my mouth.

"Do you like to live while copying others?"

"W-What?"

His eyes were shaken. There was no doubt. The 1st Apostle was him.

"I didn't think you would live like this. The revelation... Do you want to live
like this? My teeth starts grinding together when I think about your claims of
being the creator of the Book of Revelations."

"What...?"

"It is somewhat strange. The information that you have used is meager."

The guy paled.

"Isn't it time to stop acting like this? Are you still doing it despite the
world becoming like this?"

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

The guy hurriedly looked at Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! Work with me\!"

He was silly.

"As I said before, I know all of the revelations. Only I can take you to the
end of this road in this world\!"

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 2 has been
activated\!\]

\[Due to high fatigue, you are unable to activate Omniscient Reader's
Viewpoint stage 2.\]

Damn, right now?

"Think carefully\! You can't break through the 46th scenario alone. You have
to hold hands with me to defeat Anna Croft and the Zarathustra\!"

This jerk was speaking the same words I did. Yoo Joonghyuk shook his head.

"I have never heard of the revelations."

"It is like a prophecy\! Can't you see my attribute? It even says that I am
the 'last'\!"

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used Sage's Eye Lv. 8\!\]

I also activated the skill.

\[The information of this person can't be read in 'Character List'.\]

\[This person isn't registered in 'Character List'.\]

Damn, I couldn't see it. Yoo Joonghyuk verified something with Sage's Eye and
looked at me. The severed head continued to speak.

"Kill him\! You should know that he is dangerous. He pretended to be you and
will seriously damage you in the future. If you leave him alone, he will cause
a serious butterfly effect and ruin all your plans\!"

I was outraged. Did this jerk want to die together with me?

"...Isn't it the same for you?"

'I am different\! Yoo Joonghyuk, hold hands with me. I will give you a vow or
whatever you want\! I will never betray you\!"

He came out strongly. Yoo Joonghyuk watched the situation and opened his
mouth.

"I see. Joining hands..."

Life started to creep into Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes as he looked at me. I couldn't
inside his mind so I was going crazy. Yoo Joonghyuk slowly moved his sword
towards me. The 1st Apostle's momentum rose as he shouted.

"Go ahead and kill him\! Kill him\!"

"One is a prophet and one is a revelator..."

"Kill him\!

Peok\! Yoo Joonghyuk trampled on the head of the 1st Apostle.

"Kuk... what?"

"If you really know the future then let me ask you one thing."

"What?"

The blade moved to my neck. The 'One Sword' that I experienced through Yoo
Joonghyuk was now heading towards me. I felt a sting and something warm flowed
down my neck.

"Hey\! What are you doing?"

The surprised Jung Heewon ran towards this side. I raised my hand and
restrained the party. I was nervous but it wasn't good to stimulate Yoo
Joonghyuk here.

Yoo Joonghyuk asked the 1st Apostle.

"I will ask you. Will I kill this guy now or not?"

"What?"

"If you have really received a revelation of the future, you will know my
choice."

...This bastard had a bad habit. He was doing this again?

The face of the 1st Apostle looked agonized. Maybe I was the same on the 'Even
Bridge'. Surprisingly, the answer came quickly.

"Of course you will kill him\! You must do it\!"

It was a face full of strong convictions. His face was arrogantly assured that
Yoo Joonghyuk would act like this.

"Come on, kill him\! And...\!"

The sword moved. But what followed wasn't the sound of flesh being cut.

Kwajik\!

The head of the 1st Apostle burst as it was stepped on.

The person wouldn't die because it was an avatar, but he would suffer
considerable psychological damage.

Yoo Joonghyuk's sword was soon removed.

"He was a mouthy bastard."

I was a bit stunned. Yoo Joonghyuk chose to spare me? I felt a bit shaken. I
wasn't sure...

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me for a moment before walking away.

"Hey\! Where are you going?"

This jerk, he must think he was so cool.

...Honestly, he was a bit cool.

"Just wait\! Are you going to leave with Lee Jihye?"

"Since the future has changed, the plan has also changed."

"Why don't you act together with me? I can help you."

Yoo Joonghyuk turned towards me. I reflexively shrank back at his eyes.

"The debt is paid off. My last favour is not taking away your flag."

This bastard? But I couldn't retreat like this.

"In any case, you can't leave the station unless I remove you from the group.
Do you want to receive the punishment?"

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly moved his hand towards the hilt of his sword. I quickly
added.

"I know what your plan is. Aren't you going towards Jung-gu? It is your goal
to complete the black flag by walking the King's Road. I will help you."

"I would rather take your flag right now."

"Then try it. Is your sword faster or my tongue faster?"

It was a gamble. Yoo Joonghyuk could stab my neck before the effect of the
punishment appeared.

"You don't need to go towards Jung-gu. Go to the north. The territory of the
Tyrant King will be yours and it will help you make your grand flag. Getting a
flag and removing the enemy, isn't it killing two birds with one stone?"

"I can do it myself."

"There are 48 hours left until the end of the fourth scenario. Can you occupy
20 stations and complete the black flag in that time?"

Yoo Joonghyuk's hands hesitated. He was caught.

"Besides...don't you have a reason for going north? Surely you aren't going to
throw away your family member at this time?"

"...You."

"Remain calm. I am speaking in good faith. I really will help."

Yoo Joonghyuk's angry eyes stared at me for a moment. The atmosphere was
strained. The killing intent soon disappeared.

"There is no such thing as anything free in the world. What are your
conditions?"

As expected, the regressor was quick to notice. I said with a smile, "It is
simple. Let me know just one thing. My condition is that simple."

"What is it?"

"That guy you just stepped on, what is his attribute? One would be the 'last
to get off'. What is the other one?"

After a while, Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth.

  

* * *

  

10 minutes afterwards, I called Jung Minseob and Lee Sungkook. It was a
separate matter for the two of them. Before I could open my mouth, Jung
Minseob asked me first.

"In the end, what was that guy?"

I hesitated for a moment before asking.

"Do you know the novel 'SSSSS-grade Infinite Regressor'?"

"Ah, I read it\!"

Lee Sungkook raised his hand.

"Wasn't it the number one platinum novel on Textpia? It was really fun..."

"Ah, that's right. I had forgotten but now it rings a bell. How did it
finish?"

The two of them started speaking loudly as memories popped up. As expected,
these guys must be interested in web novels if they read Ways of Survival.

"There were all types of elements but... it was still fun."

In fact, I read that novel. I was reading Ways of Survival and accidently
clicked on it since it was on the 'Today's Best' list. Then I was surprised to
see the development and setting of the novel.

An infinite regressor psychopath.

Sponsorship from transcendent beings.

Streaming system.

A survival game with absurd missions.

In fact, these were common settings. The problem was the details of the common
settings and the way they were combined. I had left a comment as soon as I
read it.

Isn't this plagiarizing Ways of Survival?

I remembered. Rather than a plagiarism controversy, I was criticized for
comparing it to a bad novel.

I received terrible messages from the readers of SSSSS-grade Infinite
Regressor.

Isn't your business over there? Stop causing inconveniences  

I was furious and even sent a note to the writer of Ways of Survival. Then the
author said something. He was in a better mood because the number of views had
increased. I teared up because I thought the author was pitiful.

Lee Sungkook asked, "But why are you talking about this novel?"

"The 1st Apostle is the author of SSSSS-grade Infinite Regressor."

"Huh? It can't be."

That author would know Ways of Survival.

Now that the world had turned into the novel, a writer who plagiarized the
novel could claim copyrights on this world. In addition, he added the absurd
setting of the 'revelation'.

After some explanations, Jung Minseob understood and made an absurd
expression.

"It was a plagiarized novel?"

"Yes."

"Come to think of it, the novel was similar... I can't remember well because it
is old... why didn't that novel pop up first in my mind? I was much more
famous."

"Is it due to the attribute? Only the portion we read popped up. The 'SS' part
is also confusing because there are too many novels with them."

"Is that so? In any case, the 1st Apostle is a plagiarist? Then he will have a
text version..."

I nodded and said.

"Maybe he has a copy of his own plagiarized work. He copied the plot of the
original so he can see the future of this world to a certain extent."

It was painful when thinking that a plagiarist was successful even in this
changed world. It was time to implement justice.

"Then isn't it impossible to win against him? If he copied the original to the
end..."

"It isn't to the end. He only copied the early parts. He would stop early to
prevent a plagiarism controversy later on. After a bit more time, the
information he knows will decrease.

"How do you know this?"

"I just know."

It was natural. In the chapters in the 100s, I was the only reader of Ways of
Survival.

"Excuse me, how far did Representative-nim read in the original work...?"

"Before that, there is something you have to do. To be exact, it is something
we have to do together."

Their shoulders stiffened.

"Didn't you tell me before? The prophets were hit by the Tyrant King."

"Ah... maybe there are still a few people being used by him.

"Really? Then it is better."

"Yes?"

The time remaining until the scenario ended was 48 hours. It was hard to do it
alone if I wanted to hunt the Tyrant King.

"I will disturb the information of these guys."

If the Tyrant King was using the prophets, I could take advantage of it.

"Reveal part of the revelations."

"Huh? How...?"

They still didn't understand what I was talking about so I kindly explained.

"From now on, we will make a text of SSSSS-grade Infinite Regressor and spread
it."

If there were several enemies, the answer was to make them fight against each
other.


