### Chapter 65: Ep. 14  Master of the Throne, I

Kim Yushin's stigma 'Gather the Hwarang' was a skill that called the elite
Hwarang that died in history, the Dragon Flower Tree.

To put it simply, it was a ground version of the 'Ghost Fleet' that Lee Jihye
used.

It wasn't comparable to the Duke of Loyalty and Warfare's power but it was
still a great stigma used by a constellation.

"Go\!"

The buried bones were removed and the Dragon Flower Tree unit rose to fight
with Baekje's army. Some Hwarang had no eyes while others had no arms or legs.

It was cruel. They would raise their blades as long as Kim Yushin was here.
This was despite their souls being worn down, their anger erased and even
their hearts gone.

They were soldiers who fought to prevent the fall of their kingdom. Now they
were fighting for a fallen kingdom.

"You are still a coward Kim Yushin\! Now you are even pushing your dead men\!"

"..."

"Come on\! Let's have a one-on-one fight\!"

I was still at Gyebaek's provocation. It was because Kim Yushin didn't want to
move. He would crush Gyebaek with the overwhelming force of the Dragon Flower
Tree. The magic power that emerged from his sword mercilessly filled the air.

"Kim Yushin\!"

The shout filled the air and even the emotionless Dragon Flower Tree hesitated
for a moment.

This was Gyebaek. The last master of Baekje, Gyebaek.

Gyebaek was a constellation that overwhelmed Kim Yushin just in terms of
physical buff abilities. In fact, Gyebaek never fought one-on-one against Kim
Yushin in the Battle of Hwangsanbeol.

To be exact, it was right to say that Kim Yushin avoided the confrontation.

\[The character 'Chu Wangin' has used the stigma Prepared to Fight to the
Death for the Country Lv. 2\!\]

In history, Gyebaek's army fought against Kim Yushin's army that outnumbered
them by several times and won a few impossible battles.

The last winner might be Kim Yushin but Gyebaek wasn't defeated until the
final battle of Hwangsanbeol was held.

He united his soldiers with patriotism and his shouts were close to insane.

I carried Kim Yushin behind me right now but if things were different, I
might've called Gyebaek.

Gwanchang's incarnation shouted, "General\!"

"Don't move."

Kim Yushin spoke through my mouth. My expression was unchanged despite looking
at the dying Dragon Flower Tree members.

Kim Yushin's serene image was conveyed.

Gyebaek shouted, "Your cowardice hasn't changed despite you becoming a
constellation\!"

That's right. Kim Yushin was a coward. He was afraid of death and afraid of
defeat. That's why he was strong. His emotions were unshakable and he didn't
commit rash acts.

Defeat the enemies in a way that achieved victory. That's how he won the final
battle of Hwangsanbeol, despite being defeated four previous times.

"Kuaaaaak\!"

The hundreds of Dragon Flower Tree members clashed fiercely with Gyebaek. His
incarnation was so severely hurt that he could no longer survive. His whole
body was bloody while there were fatal wounds on his arms, thighs and sides.

However, Gyebaek kept moving through the crowd of Dragon Flower Tree members
towards me.

"Kim...Yoo...shin...\!"

\[The stigma 'Request for Reinforcements' has been activated\!\]

Ghost soldiers appeared like shadows from behind Kim Yushin and sprang towards
Gyebaek. Based on the different articles of clothing on the soldiers, they
might not be Silla troops.

Perhaps they were the Tang Dynasty troops called to destroy Goguryeo.

As expected from Kim Yushin. The only thing important to him was winning.
Using foreign forces wasn't an important issue for him.

Numerous spears pierced his chest. Gyebaek's incarnation couldn't overcome the
pain and fell to his knees.

"Kuheok...\!"

The incarnation of the strong Gyebaek was now at his limit.

Gyebaek laughed.

"...I am resentful. I can't touch you even on this fake stage. I wanted to cross
swords with you just once."

Gyebaek's red eyes made me feel confused. Gwanchang was alive, history had
changed. But this was one part that didn't change.

Kim Yushin asked, "Gyebaek. Why did you do this?"

"..."

"If you die in this state, you can't choose another incarnation for a while.
Why did you suddenly abandon the scenario?"

Gyebaek had a distant look on his face and then he gave a meaningful smile.
Kim Yushin waited before pulling out a blade.

I hurriedly took back control of my voice.

"He can't be killed with my hands."

\[Why?\]

"...There are restrictions."

The King of No Killing meant I couldn't carry out direct slaughter. As soon as
I killed one person, I would lose my throne.

Kim Yushin nodded like he understood.

\[...I see. I roughly understand. Don't worry. The stars will honour your
commitment. But it is I, Kim Yushin, who will deal with Gyebaek, not you.\]

"But..."

\[...There is a lingering attachment, please understand.\]

Kim Yushin gestured and one of the Dragon Flower Tree members nodded. I handed
over my voice to Kim Yushin.

"Gyebaek, let's meet in the next world."

Gyebaek's incarnation looked up at us silently. He wanted to say something but
he couldn't open his mouth. At the last moment, his face looked like a minor
actor who completed his scenes rather than Gyebaek.

Then the incarnation's head quietly flew through the air.

\[Stage Transformation has ended.\]

\[You have experienced the Battle of Hwangsanbeol.\]

\[1,000 coins have been earned as experience compensation.\]

I looked around and saw that all of Baekje's army was wiped out.

\[The authority of King of No Killing is retained due to the indirect nature
of the killing.\]

It was fortunate. King of No Killing was only lost when I killed someone
directly with my own hands. The life that the Dragon Flower Tree member took
wasn't recognized as me killing someone.

"Representative-nim\! Are you okay?" Lee Sungkook's voice was heard from
behind me.

Yoo Sangah sighed with relief while Lee Gilyoung was disgruntled that he
couldn't do much. Then Min Jiwon asked, "What the hell was that...?"

She looked like she had completely lost her soul.

I shrugged and said, "You should study history if you want to be a king."

I might've called Kim Yushin but I didn't belong to Silla or Baekje. I called
Kim Yushin because he was the most appropriate one to deal with Gyebaek.

Anyway, I was glad that the result was better than expected. I was able to
thoroughly check the performance of the Ganpyeongui and I could get some coins
and items from the Baekje members.

\[You have earned 5,400 coins.\]

\[Coins Possessed: 74,950 C\]

Now I wasn't afraid of the final phase of the fourth scenario.

"It is time to go to the north."

\[The remaining duration of the call is three minutes.\]

Kim Yushin's divine blessing still remained. I should take advantage of the
remaining time left on the Ganpyeongui. It could only be used seven times so I
couldn't waste it.

"Rise up Dragon Flower Tree\!"

The broken fragments of the Dragon Flower Tree unit rose again and I pointed
north with my sword.

"Advance\!"

The consumption of magic power was huge so the operation time of the Dragon
Flower Tree unit was short. The Dragon Flower Tree unit started to march
north, randomly sweeping away the small and medium groups.

It might be possible to wipe out all the forces of the other kings gathered at
the National Palace Museum.

There were screams as forces fought all over the street.

"What are these skeletons? Aacck\!"

The incarnations that ran towards me were crushed by the Dragon Flower Tree
unit.

Since I wasn't the one attacking, I didn't get a penalty for killing. Yes,
this was an invigorating taste.

Kim Yushin's holy voice was heard in my head.

\[There is something strange about you. Your mind is intact despite hearing my
true voice...\]

"I have a strong mentality."

I was a bit surprised by the words. The constellations used the 'indirect
messages' to communicate for a reason.

Kim Yushin was just a low-ranking constellation but most people would pee
their pants or faint hearing his holy voice.

In fact, I was a bit worried about that too...

\[Remember, you owe me a big debt. In order to help you, I had to embrace more
possibilities than necessary.\]

There was something sinister about his tone. I quickly expressed my
appreciation.

"I am thankful. I won't forget General's help."

\[You are a hasty friend. You don't have anyone to pass it onto yet...\]

"...Won't it happen one day? If I give birth to a child, I will surely tell them
what happened today."

\[Rather, you don't seem to have a sponsor.\]

I had an ominous feeling. Damn, this old fox kept talking.

\[I like you. If you don't mind, I would like to become your sponsor in this
world.\]

His words were nice but it merely meant to be his slave.

"That will be a problem."

\[Why? Isn't my strength enough? You can become the strongest of this age with
just my stigma.\]

The Gather the Hwarang stigma was good. But that was when applied to Kim
Yushin's saga.

The strongest in this era? He was trying to scam me.

The words were ridiculous for someone who wasn't a narrative-grade. If the
Great Sage, Heaven's Equal heard it, he would've squeezed Kim Yushin's head
tightly.

"Now isn't the age of the Three Kingdoms. You are old and should take a
break."

We had fun together but let's not see each other again.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is laughing at 'King
Heungmu the Great'.\]

\[300 coins have been sponsored.\]

Kim Yunshin was silent for a moment, perhaps because his pride was pricked. I
thought he would back off but a sharp pain suddenly shot through my head.

\[Have you forgotten that my divine blessing still remains?\]

Currently, Kim Yushin and I were connected through the Ganpyeongui. The
muscles of my body spasmed in an unusual manner. No matter what, wasn't he a
great person of Korea...? No, maybe he could do this because he was a great
person of Korea.

Dammit.

\[It would be better to think again.\]

Yoo Sangah looked at me with worry.

"Dokja-ssi?"

"Yoo Sangah-ssi. Get away from me. Quickly\!"

My trembling right hand didn't listen as it raised Unbroken Faith and started
pointing it at Yoo Sangah.

Kim Yushin started to exert control over my body.

\[Did you say there was a restriction on your actions? I wonder what the
restriction is. What if I kill that woman right now?\]

"Kim Yushin, this is your will. It isn't my karma."

\[Huhu, I don't know. What if I disengage the moment I stab the blade? Won't
it be recognized as your actions? And this woman seems to be quite precious to
you?\]

"...Stop."

\[Make a promise. In the next Sponsor Selection, you will choose Kim Yushin.\]

The intent of this old fox was obvious. The second Sponsor Selection would
begin the moment the fourth scenario was over. Kim Yushin wanted to use this
pledge as an opportunity to acquire me.

If I hadn't read Ways of Survival, it might not be a bad choice. Kim Yushin
was a fairly decent constellation and there were a few scenarios in the middle
that could be cleared with Gather the Hwarang alone.

However, if I was going to pick a sponsor, I would've picked the Great Sage,
Heaven's Equal in the beginning. Why should I choose Kim Yushin now?

"I said no."

In addition, I had the contract with Bihyung that didn't allow me to choose a
sponsor.

Kim Yushin's voice hardened.

\[You are a stubborn young man. But it is the wrong choice. How long can you
endure?\]

The blade in my hand started moving towards Yoo Sangah.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi, quickly\!"

Why didn't the smart Yoo Sangah move? I looked at my right hand moving against
my will and finally made a decision. Dammit, I respected him as a great person
but he forced me to do this...

I took a deep breath. This was my body. I would never give it to this guy or
any constellation.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is activated\!\]


