### Chapter 424: Ep. 80 - Our greatest ally, II

A white figure of a person rose up in the pitch-black darkness.

Yoo Joonghyuk swung his sword several times at this figure. From the Breaking
the Sky Thunder Sword, even to the Shooting Star Slash. However, not one of
his sword skills managed to even touch the enemy's shadow.

Right after that, Stories collided. Jolted awake now, he opened his eyes while
gasping out a pained moan.

He was sitting inside the darkened training dojo, the sun having set already.
A lengthy shadow was looking down on him.

It was the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

"Was he really strong?"

His master bent her back to settle down, her eyes filled with concern towards
her disciple. Yoo Joonghyuk bit his lip and replied. "...He was."

"By how much?"

"Even after unlocking the Transcendence level 5, I couldn't win against him."

The fifth level of Transcendence was the absolute limit that the current Yoo
Joonghyuk had reached.

The Breaking the Sky Saint quietly observed him for a little while, before
opening her lips. "When you break past the Transcendence's sixth level, you'll
no longer be bound by the \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\]'s gender
requirements."

Originally, the \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\] was a martial technique
designed for women. But, as was the case with every martial technique out
there, once one stepped past a certain level, they would reach the stage of
'Breaking Beyond Boundaries'.

The process of endlessly exceeding many boundaries was the part of a
Transcendent's training regime.

"There is no guarantee of defeating him even if I reach the sixth level."

"Why do you think that?"

"He is me."

For the first time ever, Yoo Joonghyuk's always-confident voice contained a
faint trace of fear. "That man, he's none other than me who has regressed over
1863rd times. How can I defeat someone like that?"

It was a clear sign of despair.

The moment he stood face to face with the 'Secretive Plotter', he witnessed a
wall he couldn't overcome no matter what he tried. There was the gap of time
between them that could never be bridged by the mere 3rd turn regression. His
enemy had already surpassed that lengthy period of time to enter this world-
line.

The Sword Saint spoke. "He is not you."

"...He is also Yoo Joonghyuk."

"He has not tread on the same path as you have. And he'll not do so in the
future, either."

As if she wanted to wipe away the despair rooted in her disciple's eyes, her
large hand gently stroked his cheek.

She spoke again. "It's not the level of Transcendence you have reached, but
which Stories you have acquired that's the most important part. You may be
only a little chick who has regressed three times, but you know of Stories
that he doesn't."

Yoo Joonghyuk heard those words and looked down at his fist. It was a fist
that failed to reach the 'Secretive Plotter'. He slowly unfurled his hand and
Stories leaked out from there.

Stories that he had acquired himself. Stories that the 'Secretive Plotter'
didn't know. And...

"The path of Transcendence is different for everyone. So, do not try to chase
after him, and search for the path only you can tread."

He wordlessly clenched his fist tightly. As if he didn't want to permit any of
the Stories to leave him.

"...Have you heard any new information, Master?"

The Breaking the Sky Saint shook her head.

It had been over a week since Kim Dokja's disappearance.

Unfortunately, neither his whereabouts nor the location of the 'Secretive
Plotter' had been discovered until now.

"You say that he crossed over from another world-line."

"That's correct."

"I do not know what his aim is, but if he bothered to enter this world-line at
this point in time, then it's possible that his goal is somehow related to the
'Final Scenario'."

Yoo Joonghyuk agreed with her opinion. In other words, there was a good chance
that he'd encounter the 'Secretive Plotter' again by going to the location of
the Final Scenario.

"However, the current situation is that the <Kim Dokja's Company> can't enter
the 'Final Scenario'."

He nodded his head.

 Stories you have acquired are insufficient to approve your participation in
the 'Final Scenario'.

On that day they failed to enter the 'Final Scenario', the <Bureau> one-
sidedly sent that communique in their direction. However, he thought that made
some sense. Because not only were they a newly-created Nebula, the number of
Stories they managed to acquire was also rather small, as well.

However, one couldn't strictly argue that when taking into consideration the
grade of the Stories they had acquired. Especially so with the Season of
Light and Darkness, the Giant Story they earned the last time that would be
extremely hard to find its equal anywhere in the <Star Stream>.

 Where is the representative of your Nebula?

In the end, everything boiled down to Kim Dokja's absence.

After the person possessing the highest percentage of the Nebula's Story
shares left the group, the aggregate amount of Stories for the whole Nebula
had become simply too inadequate.

It was unknown what Yoo Joonghyuk was thinking to himself as he maintained his
silence. And how long went by like that? He slowly raised himself up off the
floor, sheathed the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and although still unsteady
on his feet, got ready to leave.

"Where are you planning to go?"

"I'm leaving to acquire a new Giant Story, Master."

He needed to acquire the qualification to get to the 'Final Scenario' even
without Kim Dokja's shares. <Kim Dokja's Company> was neither that fool's
private army nor his underlings. This group needed to be able to protect
themselves without him around, and even if they end up losing him somehow...

...They needed to be capable enough to clear the 'Final Scenario'.

\[Baat...\]

Biyoo murmured in despondency from somewhere in the empty air. Yoo Joonghyuk
silently stared at her for a little while, before activating the \[Sage's
Eye\] to sift through the information he possessed in his head.

There weren't that many locations left at this point in time where he could
acquire a 'Giant Story'. When flipping that statement around, it also meant
that the remaining Stories would be that much more powerful than others.

He had already acquired one powerful Giant Story called the Season of Light
and Darkness. If he managed to earn 'that Story' on top of this, then it
might be possible to fight against the 'Secretive Plotter' once more.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint watched Yoo Joonghyuk walk away and asked
him. "Are you planning to go alone?"

"I've always been alone, Master."

"But, that path is the one already tread by the other party."

His Master's words caused Yoo Joonghyuk's figure to flinch.

In the next moment, a voice came out from beyond the walls of the training
hall.

"Hey Yoo Joonghyuk, where are you?? We gotta get going, now\!"

With the blinding light behind them, the members of <Kim Dokja's Company>
opened the door and rushed inside the dojo.

Shin Yoosung, Lee Gilyoung, Lee Jihye, and Han Sooyoung...

It was unknown since when they got ready to leave, but regardless, everyone
from the Nebula was here.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint spoke again. "They are precisely your Story
now, Joonghyuk-ah."

Something that the 'Secretive Plotter' did not possess.

Yoo Joonghyuk dazedly looked back at his Master, and she addressed him again.

"You don't have to fight alone in this regression turn."

  

* * *

  

The location of the new 'Giant Story' was four days away. It would've been so
much quicker to get there by borrowing the powers of the Dokkaebis, but the
current situation didn't permit that.

 You cannot borrow the powers of Dokkaebis you are friendly with.

 You must never reveal the truth that you're 'Kim Dokja'.

All thanks to the stinking agreement I had with the 'Wenny King'.

Because of it, I couldn't enter Biyoo's channel or send word of my wellbeing
to the <Kim Dokja's Company>.

In the end, I had no choice but to personally drive the \[X-grade
Ferrarghini\] I purchased from the 'Mass Production Maker' to the destination.

The kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[999\] polishing his \[Splitting the Sky
Sword\] atop my shoulder grumbled softly. "Your driving sucks."

"Then, why don't you drive? By the way, you're not planning to stick to that
appearance now, are you?"

Without a doubt, we'd run into Constellations that will recognise us once we
entered the scenario location. The existence of the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk was
just too eye-catching.

Well, Yoo Joonghyuk himself was just too famous by now, so...

"Indeed, I am too inconspicuous like this."

\[999\] seemed to be pondering something. His body suddenly jolted a bit,
before a 'Pow\!' noise resounded out and he transformed into a Murim dumpling.

I was shocked silly by this event. But \[999\] sounded utterly disinterested
as he addressed me.

 This should be fine.

"...Hey, you. Carrying a dumpling around on my shoulder will be even more eye-
catching, you know?"

 Why don't you change your pathetic appearance as well?

Just as the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't maintain his original appearance, I
too needed to make sure that my identity as 'Kim Dokja' wasn't discovered.

The now-dumpling-fied Yoo Joonghyuk roughly rubbed the dumpling skin all over
my face as if he was trying to paint a wall. I sensed the Story on my face
change as creaking noises resounded out. How long passed by like that?

By the time I opened my eyes, I ended up freaking out by what I saw.

\[999\] spoke to me as I stared dumbfoundedly at the mirror, my eyes blinking
non-stop.

 It's done.

Holy moly. This might not be enough to slap Yoo Joonghyuk's cheek silly, but
still... It should be enough to make me ponder whether I should slap him or not,
at least.

I rubbed my new statuesque face and muttered to myself. "...Can't I keep this
face forever?"

 If you do, you'll be struck by the storm of Probability's aftermath.

As if he had touched something dirty, \[999\] diligently patted down his
dumpling body. Completely disregarding whether he was doing that or not, I
continued to stare at the mirror.

A long time ago, I absorbed the Story fragment of the 'Casanova Who Died
During Sexual Acts' and became pretty good looking for a while, but this was
on another scale compared to that.

I spoke in an admiring tone of voice. "It's true that the 999th regression
turn is amazing. The 3rd turn doesn't have skills like this one, you know."

 ...3rd turn?

"Oh, you didn't know? Yoo Joonghyuk in this place is the 3rd turn. And this is
the 3rd turn world-line, too."

The kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[999\] stared deeply at me for a while after
hearing those words, and asked me a question.

 Why do you think that?"

"What do you mean why...?"

I was about to reply with "Because the 'Ways of Survival' starts off with the
3rd turn, that's why" but stopped. I decided to refine my answer just a bit.

"...Because the beginning was the 3rd turn, that's why."

 But, why does it start from the 3rd turn? Don't you know how numbers work?
The beginning is the 0th turn.

He was right.

The first chapter of the 'Ways of Survival' started off from Yoo Joonghyuk's
third turn, but if you get technical about it, then you could say that the
story began with his 0th turn.

I felt a bit weirded out after thinking like that.

...Why did I come to Yoo Joonghyuk's 'third turn', anyway?

I wasn't going to follow the 3rd turn's story as it was in the original, so
there wouldn't have been a reason for me to start in this particular turn even
if that's where the novel began.

...I don't know. It's not as if I can figure this out right now, anyway.

"Yoo Joonghyuk in this world-line said that he was the 'third turn'. So, this
place is the third regression turn."

And the information I confirmed through the \[Character List\] said so, too.

But then, \[999\] spoke in a mocking tone.

 Trusting such information at its face value. How naive.

"What?"

 Never mind. We've seemed to have arrived.

Along with the blinding light, the lengthy dimension tunnel finally came to an
end. What appeared next was a giant Gate leading to the new scenario's
location.

I spotted a group of beings waiting to enter in front of the Gate. I collected
the \[X-grade Ferrarghini\] and joined the group.

A Constellation was manning the entrance to the scenario location, rather than
the usual Dokkaebis. But that made sense, since the host for this 'Giant
Story' scenario was a Nebula.

Although it was one of the largest Nebulas out there, it had almost no point
of contact with me until now.

\[Next.\]

It was a Constellation holding a massive three-pronged spear on one hand,
while wearing a combination of aged crimson crown and armour set.

The domineering Status exuding from his entire body attested to the fact that
he was a Narrative-grade Constellation possessing a pretty hefty Status.

The Guardian of Buddhist Laws, Virudhaka.

He was one of the Four Heavenly Kings that protected the entrance of the
<Heavenly Palace>, the headquarters of the Nebula <Emperor>.

\[Next.\]

Not too long afterwards, my turn came around.

Virudhaka glared at my face intently as if he wanted to discover anything
suspicious on it and eventually, threw out his first question.

\[Your purpose for visiting?\]

\[I came to participate in the Giant Story.\]

\[Your Modifier.\]

Obviously, I couldn't use the 'Demon King of Salvation' here. Fortunately, I
did have a brand new Modifier I received not too long ago.

\[It's the 'Watcher of Light and Darkness'.\]


