### Chapter 326: Ep. 61 - Gigantomachia, VI

The ceiling of Tartarus was opening.

\[Cracks have occurred in some areas of Tartarus\!\]

\[Someone is trying to break out of jail\!\]

Along with the warning message that appeared in the air, the whole of the
Underworld was shaking.

\[The judges of the Underworld have noticed the actions of the Demon King of
Salvation\!\]

Persephone warned in a sharp voice.

\[...It is only this time. Please keep this in mind, Demon King of Salvation.\]

Earthquakes occurred and a faint portal started to be made on the wide-open
ceiling of Tartarus. Persephone had opened an exit to the ground. Briareus
watched the scene and asked,

\[What did you say to make the queen of the Underworld help you?\]

"It was just some threats."

30 minutes ago, I sent the following message to Persephone.

If you refuse to cooperate, I will spread the footage of Tartarus all over
the Star Stream.

Tartarus had many secrets of the Underworld, whether it was the secret
recruits they trained or the institutional facilities that were concealed. It
wasn't good if the hostile forces to Olympus received a secret report on
Tartarus.

Then Briareus shook his head. \[Her Majesty was threatened by that?\]

"She is on our side. She just needed a pretext to release me. It is an excuse
when things go wrong in the future.

If this Gigantomachia failed and Olympus picked up on what happened in the
Underworld, the Underworld would be in a difficult situation. Perhaps my
current blackmail would be a bit of a defense for the Underworld.

Of course, this was a story for when Gigantomachia failed but I didn't intend
to let that happen.

Briareus spoke, \[You don't seem to know the king and the queen well.\]

"Huh?"

Briareas gave a knowing smile instead of answering.

\[You have received the Giant's Oath.\]

\[You have acquired a new semi-myth story\!\]

\[The story 'Giant's Liberator' has been acquired.\]

\[This story is attributed to 'A Single Story'.\]

Giant's Liberator. This was the first story I should obtain from this Olympus
war.

\[Giant's Liberator. Soon the giants of this place will enter Gigantomachia.
Is there anything you specifically want?\]

"There is no such thing. Just do what you want."

\[...I'm becoming curious. Why do you want to reach ? No other constellations
have every built up achievement like you. Are you dreaming of a 'perfect
story'?\]

A perfect story. Some people called 'A Single Story' by such a name. A story
that never existed before and was made up of stories that never existed.

"I just want to see the end with my colleagues. Together without losing
anyone."

\[It will be the hardest story in the world. There has never been such a
story.\]

It was true. A myth without any sacrifices didn't exist in this world.

\[The probability of the Star Stream always moves in a way that forces
sacrifice. Fate won't easily let you go.\]

"I won't know without trying. In addition, fate has already been overcome."

I remembered the damn fate given to me by fucking Olympus. Even now, I gritted
my teeth remembering it.

However, Briareus' expression was grave. \[Have you overcome fate?\]

Something suddenly flashed through my mind. According to Ways of Survival, all
titans were born with the power of prophecy.

\[Liberator, 'fate' is a much broader concept than you think. The fate given
to you by Olympus is only a speck of dust in the world. The real fate is
inevitable. If you avoid it, probability must be distorted.

That twisted probability must be resolved by someone. That is why there is no
'perfect' story.\]

"I won't know if I don't try. I will do it if possible. My colleagues also
aren't weak enough to succumb to fate."

I jumped into the portal and declared, "Then let's meet in Gigantomachia."

Briareus nodded. \[I wish you the blessing of the story.\]

  

* * *

  

"Kyrgios."

"Yes."

"Maybe we need the story's blessing." Jang Hayoung muttered as he watched the
returnees approaching like cattle.

"There is no need if you have good training."

A sword scattering a silver-white light emerged from behind Kyrgios.

\[Pure White Paradox.\] It was a sword made by the masters of Peace Land,
Kyrgios's home for decades. It was Kyrgios' weapon that travelled with him
through numerous battlefields and had the same performance as a star relic.
The fact that Kyrgios, who rarely used a weapon, pulled out the sword proved
that the opponents weren't easy.

Two figures were flying at the head of the returnees. There was a middle-aged
man in a gorgeous red uniform and one in a black and white uniform engraved
with the symbol of his school.

"Strange. I heard the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was here."

''Are you mistaken again?"

"find the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint\!"

The voices of the middle-aged men were profound. Kyrgios shot into the air.
The Murim people were surprised by the 'status' that filled the air and
instantly stopped.

Kyrgios opened his mouth. "You are the Heavenly Demon and Blood Demon."

"Who are you?"

Kyrgios raised his aura instead of replying. Lightning poured from dark clouds
and part of it nestled in Kyrgios. Kim Dokja's flagship technique,
Electrification was now emitting a sublime aura from the founder.

"You can't know my name." The astonished returnees stepped back. "You will die
soon."

The white-blue lightning filled the sky. Anyone from Murim would know the
name.

"Is this Paradox Baekchung?"

Kyrgios' sword pointed towards the sky. As the probability ran wild, Kyrgios's
status clashed with the returnees. There was a vast wind pressure and Jang
Hayoung and the Breaking the Sky Master were pushed back.

The center of the sky contained the Heavenly Demon, the Blood Demon and
Kyrgios. Every time an attack poured out, the space screamed like thunder. It
was hard to believe that this fierce battle was a confrontation between
humans.

Jang Hayoung was ecstatic as he watched the battle. 'Someday, I can be strong
like this'.

Jang Hayoung\! Protect the industrial complex with the Breaking the Sky
Master's group\!

Jang Hayoung came to his senses due to Kyrgios' sound transmission and moved
with the Breaking the Sky Master.

With the exception of the Heavenly Demon and Blood Demon, there were
approximately 1,000 returnees remaining. Among them were the 10 masters of
Murim.

A small storm raged around Jang Hayoung's fist. "Kuaaack\!"

Some returnees were caught in the wind pressure but dozens of returnees used
their bodies as the jumping point. There were too many of them.

"Evacuate towards the industrial complex\!"

Their side contained Jang Hayoung, the Breaking the Sky Master, Flying Fox and
other returnees. Apart from Kyrgios, only a few incarnations were able to
confront the transcendent returnees.

In the northern part of the industrial complex, a huge fortress approached
while firing.

Jang Hayoung's face became rosy. "Gong Pildu\!"

Magic shells poured out from the fortress towards the returnees and victims
instantly appeared. However, the returnees soon maintained their ranks and
defended against the shells.

"Smash that fortress\!"

Gong Pildu's Armed Fortress was suitable for defense, not attack. 200
returnees gathered and proceeded to Gong Pildu's Armed Fortress. The number of
returnees remaining was 400. The returnees crossed the walls and entered the
interior of the industrial complex.

Then as if waiting, the wanderer forces dedicated to defending the industrial
complex moved. Cho Youngran used the power of the First Spiritualist of
Joseon. Lee Boksoon fired her sniper rifle. Jeon Woochi's techniques filled
the air and bullets pierced the returnees.

"Kuaack\!"

"The shaman\! Kill the shaman\!"

The innocent people were killed like fish caught in the waves. Cho Youngran
and Lee Boksoon started to be injured by the bombardment of the returnees. The
wanderers were pushed back and some returnees shouted. "Listen up, leader of
the Seoul area\! If you give uour life, no more meaningless sacrifices will
occur\!"

The key to the Returnees War was to defeat the leader of each force. The core
goal of the scenario that the returnees who invaded Seoul received was to
defeat the leader.

A moment later, a glowing light emerged from inside the industrial complex.
Cho Youngran's complexion paled as she kept defending.

"No\! Sookyung\!" The moment Lee Boksoon cried out, a woman emerged from the
industrial complex.

The Wanderer King declared, "I am the leader of Seoul."

In one hand, she was holding the broken Eight Beaded Bell and in the other,
she as holding a bronze dagger. A few returnees staggered back from the aura
that emerged from the Heavenly Symbols she was holding.

"There is no need to be afraid. She can't use the power of her sponsor\!"

The returnees shouted and Lee Sookyung smiled bitterly. In the battle of Dark
Castle, most of the Founder's Mother's status was destroyed. Even so, she had
a way to fight.

 Establish the center and become the wind. 

The bronze sword Lee Sookyung was holding gave off a bright light.

\[The constellation 'King Heungmu the Great' is surprised by the actions of
incarnation 'Lee

Sookyung'.\]

\[The constellation 'One-eyed Maitreya' is warning that it is dangerous\!\]

\[The constellation, 'Seo Ae Il Pil...\]

All the constellations of the Korean Peninsula warned her at the same time.
She knew. She was already familiar with what would happen if she did this.

Lee Sookyung glanced around the industrial complex. The image of the sleeping
Yoo Sangah blurred the window.

She thought of the children going to Olympus for Yoo Sangah's sake. The
upright soldier Lee Hyunsung, Jung Heewon who didn't tolerate injustice, the
fierce but brave Lee Gilyoung, the calm and gifted Shin Yoosung. She also
remembered Lee Seolhwa, who was warm-hearted and took good care of the party
members and Han Sooyoung, who often grumbled but had a keen sense of humour.

Then she was reminded of her child. The time for that child to live. The story
she long dreamt about. The time she couldn't protect him.

The light from the bronze sword was as bright as the sun. Lee Sookyung
muttered very quietly. "Emperor of Heaven and the Wind God."

There was a constellation associated with each of the star relics of the
Korean Peninsula. The bronze sword Lee Sookyung was holding right now was one
of the Heavenly Symbols.

\[The constellation 'Wind God of Heaven' is looking down at Incarnation 'Lee
Sookyung'.\]

Wind God of Heaven. One of the three constellations who held the highest rank
in Hongik. Now Lee Sookyung was making her last bet with her life as
collateral. "Come, Pungbaek\!"

The sky opened and a blue aura roared around the dagger. The returnees blinked
at the blinding light. Lee Sookyung looked at the sky and the sky looked down
at Lee Sookyung.

'Just a moment. Please lend me your strength'.

Then the sky gave a warning. Blue-black lightning struck and Lee Sookyung
responded to the warning.

'It doesn't matter'.

The next moment, the sparks of probability appeared around Lee Sookyung's
body. Her bones were crumbling and her skin was burnt. Amidst this pain, the
hand holding the sword became heavy.

The force of wind that a human couldn't endure was nestled in her right hand.
This was one of the strongest constellations on the Korean Peninsula, the
power of Pungbaek.

From left to right, Lee Sookyung swung her sword. Then the space was split
apart. It was as if the world was split in half from the beginning. Everything
around her was torn by the absolute wind pressure that followed the trajectory
of her sword.

"Wh, at...?"

10, 20, 30... the number of returnees who died quickly surpassed 100. All the
returnees who crossed the walls were falling through the air with their waist
cut. Their faces showed they didn't understand the source of their death.

Lee Sookyung held her trembling right hand and took shaky breaths. In one
blow, most of the returnees were destroyed. Of course, it wasn't everyone.

There were returnees who noticed the danger in the short time and moved out of
range. They were masters from the Third Murim and Fourth Murim.

"It's over. Kill her."

Lee Sookyung glanced at the masters rushing towards her and smiled. She did
everything she could. Dozens of swords rushed towards her as she fell through
the air. There was the sound of flesh being pierced and Lee Sookyung sensed
death.

However, she didn't feel the pain of being stabbed. She opened her eyes to see
someone's back. It was a very wide back.


