### Chapter 172: Ep. 33 - Reading Again, III

My mother was silent for a moment. The silence cheered me up a bit. The fact
that my mother expected me to love her and the idea that I could hurt her
feelings excited me.

However, my mother spoke in a tone that sounded like she had expected it.
"Hrmm, I see."

"..."

"I still wanted to try it. It could've ended your fate. In any case, you still
have a lot of lives left."

"Don't speak like you are doing this for me."

"I love you."

I got goosebumps. Why was she suddenly saying this? "What does this mean?"

"I am your mother."

I looked at my smiling mother and one corner of my heart ached. Did she really
believe that such words were acceptable? A decade's worth of suffering alone
couldn't be denied because of these words.

I glared at my mother.

Mother, love...

I didn't use Lie Detection on her. Sometimes there were such words in the
world. Even if it was true, it was painful enough to be called false.

I sighed and said, "It's too late."

"I know."

"Then why..."

"I just wanted to say it once. I don't think I've ever told you before."

We fell silent and didn't say anything for a while. Only the second hand of
the wall clock told me that time was passing by. It was like a page with
nothing on it. Like a writer squeezing out my first sentence, I barely managed
to open my mouth. "...How was your life in prison?"

"You often came to see me. Is there a need..."

"You didn't tell me anything."

"..."

"Why didn't you say anything? I went to see you so many times..."

I didn't hate my mother from the beginning.

Even when my mother killed my father.

Even when she went to jail.

Even when my relatives rushed to take our assets and I was treated like a
leftover product.

I didn't hate or blame my mother.

"How can a person be so shameless?" The reason why I hated my mother was
simple. "Why did you remain silent? And why... did you write such a story?"

Someone might say this: You became rich. Isn't it good that she sold the book?
I didn't know if the royalties from my mother helped my life. My relatives
always treated me like I wasn't a person.

"I had a really hard time. Whenever I went to school, walked on the streets or
met someone, it seemed like everyone was talking about me. It was the same
when I moved schools. Every time, I was the son of a murderer."

Those who had never experienced it would never know. The world was tenacious.
The reporters stood in front of my house and it felt like all eyes in the
world were chasing me.

"Maybe, just maybe, I could've endured it."

It might've been okay if my mother had said something to me. If she told me to
endure it, I could've. If only my mother had told me she was on my side, even
if she sold our story for money.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is shaking violently.\]

\[The stigma 'Self-rationalization Lv. 2' has been activated\!\]

I looked at my mother. I hadn't misunderstood. My mother sold our lives to
earn money.

Then my mother opened her mouth. "I wanted to know."

"Know what?"

"The truth."

"...What is the truth? Mother, didn't you kill Father?"

"You don't know the story."

"I know it very well. Since separating from you, I looked over my memories
again and again."

In other words, I read it again. I became absorbed in the characters of the
novel because of my mother.

Dokja. -From now on, I will read all of this again.

Your father, he did something wrong and died.

This was self-defense. Understood?

I read it again hundreds, thousands and even tens of thousands of times. No, I
replayed it so many times that I couldn't even tell it was true anymore.

"It was enough for my father to die. He was a gambling addict and violent
towards his family. Our family would've been in danger if he remained."

The mother watched me and nodded. "Yes, I remember it well. So why are you
angry?"

I tried to ask my mother several times.

Why didn't you run away with me? Why did you leave the child alone? Why didn't
you come see me after you were released?

The questions piled up inside me and I got the answer on my own.

\[The Fourth Wall's shaking has subsided.\]

This was a fear created by the answer. It was an answer that I tried to erase.
I was afraid that once the answer was given, I wouldn't be able to accept it.

In the meantime, my mother had been repeatedly opening and closing her mouth
before finally being able to speak. "...It is too late to say anything."

Yes, I knew.

\[Many constellations have sponsored you 5,000 coins for your family
history.\]

This was sufficient for the damn drama.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is thirsty from your
sweet potato.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' suggests that you think
again.\]

\[The constellation 'Poked Out His Eyes' is smiling in an insidious manner.\]

This role didn't suit me in the first place.

"Why do you keep changing the original novel?" My mother changed the topic.
"If you let it flow like the original and let people die, the scenarios
wouldn't have been so difficult."

"I have to change it. Mother, you know that Yoo Joonghyuk can't reach the
ending in the third regression."

\[Many constellations are frustrated by the filtering.\]

The story about the original novel was filtered by the constellations.

"The ending?"

"Yes. The ending."

"...You are struggling just for that? You're not crazy."

"The ending of this story is important to me. It was this world that kept me
alive while you were gone." It was thanks to the novel that I could survive
the last few years without my mother and father. "You can never understand."

 Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World. 

I didn't know what the author intended with this title. However, this title
was reality to me, not a metaphor. It was because for me, this had become a
'ruined world' a long time ago.

I read this novel on a daily basis and survived. Thus, I couldn't give up on
this story.

My mother refuted, "This isn't a novel. There is no ending like 'Everyone
lived happily ever after' in reality."

"I will see it through to the end. In addition, when did I say I wanted that
ending?"

"Stop. This world is crazy. It isn't something you can achieve because you
know the future. Don't you already know this? The next scenarios"

"Stop." It was pointless to keep arguing with my mother. "Just tell me what
you want. Why did you call me here?"

"Stay here."

Yes, I thought she would say this. It was just like my mother.

"Why would I do such a thing?"

"I can't lose my son again. I will somehow do the following scenarios."

"Save it."

I raised my energy.

"Be honest. You think I will be a hindrance. I don't know what your purpose is
but I won't ask you anything."

For the first time, an unfamiliar emotion crossed my mother's face. She looked
sad. Sad? What qualifications did she have to feel like this?

"...Who do you really resemble?" A wave of magic power rose in my mother's body
as she spoke. "I dislike this method but it can't be helped.

\[Some constellations like this fighting in a family.\]

\[Some constellation's who value filial piety dislike this situation.\]

The furniture of the house was swept away by the magical storm, causing Han
Sooyoung to notice and run inside.

"Kim Dokja\!"

The incarnation of Jeon Woochi, Cho Youngran was also behind Han Sooyoung. The
living room quickly changed into a confrontational situation. Cho Youngran was
preparing a trick while my mother gazed at me with serene eyes. Jeon Woochi's
techniques were tricky but I could somehow defend against them.

The problem was my mother's side. I didn't yet know who my mother's sponsor
was. This was just before my mother's ability was revealed.

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' is activated\!\]

"Selecting the fourth bookmark, 'Lycaon Isparang'."

\[The exclusive skill 'Way of the Wind Lv. 10 \(+1\) is activated\!\]

Way of the Wind reached its limit and the whole room was caught in a magical
storm. I condensed the winds and destroyed the entire living room.

Then I escaped from the house with Han Sooyoung. As dark smoke covered my
field of view, I told Han Sooyoung. "I will finish this right away so get
ready."

"Understood." Han Sooyoung started to generate a powerful 'black fire' in her
hand.

I immediately changed the bookmark. "I will choose the fifth bookmark, Kyrgios
Rodgraim."

The combo of Miniaturization and Electrification followed after Way of the
Wind. The fastest and most efficient way to overpower my mother was to use the
greatest skill I had.

However, the moment I was about to use the skill, dozens of people appeared
through the smoke. They surrounded me and spoke in fervent voices. "You've
misunderstood everything. Please. You have to stay here."

They were my mother's subordinates. Dozens of women wearing prison uniforms
looked at me with sympathetic expressions. Han Sooyoung shouted, "What is
this?"

The surprised Han Sooyoung poured the black flames towards them but they were
scattered in all directions by Jeon Woochi's defense. Cho Youngran shouted,
"Kim Dokja\! Stop\! Sookyung is doing this for you\!"

It was my mother who blocked their mouths. She raised a finger to her mouth,
telling them not to say anything. Then a grand aura started to emerge from my
mother's body.

Sparks formed due to the excessive use of probability. It was a more intense
synchronization than anything I had seen before. My mother was obviously
overdoing it.

\[The sponsor of incarnation 'Lee Sookyung' has revealed her modifier.\]

\[The constellation 'Founder's Mother' feels deep sadness towards you.\]

The Founder's Mother? Oh my god. Don't tell me?

\[The constellation 'Founder's Mother' says that your strength is a threat to
the Korean Peninsula scenario.\]

\[The constellation 'Founder's Mother' says that she won't take your life if
you don't rebel.\]

I hastily used Miniaturization and Electrification at the same time.

\[The energy of the old land has sealed your skills.\]

My vision became dim, as if I had entered a dark cave. Power was extinguished
from my body and I became an ordinary human. The helplessness of a small
animal captivated me.

\[The energy of the old land seals your 'value'.\]

I knew this stigma. There was only one 'story' regarding sealing on the Korean
Peninsula.

"...I never thought you could use this."

Yes... it was strange I hadn't thought about it This was the Korean Peninsula.
Yet there was one nebula that hadn't contacted me yet. I should've made
contact with them first but I hadn't got close to them at this point.

"I told you, I love you." My mother smiled while waving a bronze bell in my
hand.

The Founder's Mother. One of the highest ranking constellations of Hongik and
one of the most well-known stories on this land.

My mother's sponsor was Ungnyeo1, mother of Dangun Wangeom.

I sighed and said. "...Okay. I surrender."

"What? Hey\! Kim Dokja\!"

"Just wait here. You can't win anyway."

A sense of exhaustion filled my body. Now I was no different from an ordinary
person.

"...Putting aside your sponsor, how did you get the Eight Beaded Bell?"

I stared at the bronze bell in my mother's hand. The Eight Beaded Bell was one
of the three 'heavenly seals' of Dangun's myth. It was one of the greatest
relics of the Korean Peninsula and had the ability to seal the 'story' of
another person.

No matter how I thought about it, there was no way to get this star relic
through normal methods at this point. My mother must've paid a price to get
it.

"I will let you go once it is time. Just stay here for now." Finally, my
mother and the wanderers disappeared.

Han Sooyoung and I were trapped in the Mechanical Gateway Array Method. I was
able to guess where my mother had gone.

Maybe she went to see Yoo Joonghyuk. I didn't want to imagine the catastrophe
that would happen if they met.

"Shit, what now? How are we going to get out of here?"

Han Sooyoung asked as she tried to break the Mechanical Gateway Array Method.
My skills as a constellation were sealed so it was impossible to destroy
straight away.

Well, this was with my own power. I thought it over. "There is one way."

"What is it?"

"There is a presence that can break the Mechanical Gateway Array Method."

"What? Who?"

If I called him, the seal would somehow be broken. Originally, it was a
constellation I didn't dare call but now it was unknown.

I pulled out Ganpyeongui. I saved it for an important time and now it was the
only thing I could believe in.

\[The special option of the 'Ganpyeongui', Echo of the Stars has been
activated.\]

\[Echo of the Stars allows you to ask for help from a historical-grade
constellation.\]

"I will call the constellations."

\[In the flow of the stars, the historical-grade constellations hear your
voice.\]

I called out the modifier of the constellation.

\[The status of this constellation is too high.\]

\[Five points on the Sky Disc are required for this constellation. Will you
accept this?\]

There were only five points left because I had used the rest on calling the
Big Dipper and the Nation's Independence Activist.

Now this constellation required all the remaining star points on the
Ganpyeongui.

It was necessary because this being's strength already surpassed the
historical-grade rank.

\[The operation of the stars has begun.\]

In the darkness of the deep night sky, a solitary star was shining. I declared
towards him. "Goryeo's First Sword, I need your strength."

  

* * *

\[1\] **Ungnyeo**  Korean for "bear woman." A prominent figure in the
creation myth of the Korean nation. According to the myth, she and divine king
Hwanung had a son, Dangun, who would go on to found the nation of Korea. Wiki


