### Chapter 407: Ep. 77 - Final Dragon, IV

The first shockwave gradually petered out after Kyrgios joined us. The
difference between three lightning-related Constellations working together and
four was rather noticeable.

Not only that, but a portion of Constellations also lent us their Probability
after Kyrgios showed up, and for the first time ever, our own Probability
surpassed the Apocalypse Dragon's shockwave.

\[Uwooooooh-\!\]

Scorched black by the electrical wave, Thor and Dionysus began roaring out as
if they had gone half-mad. The latter had drunk such a large quantity of wine
that his face was completely red, even though the rest of his body remained
jet-black.

\[Booze is going down so smoothly, it's so amaaaazing\!\]

\[Now I'm really curious about the taste of <Olympus> label booze. Give me
some\!\]

By the time the storm of aftermath for the first shockwave drew to a close,
the two Constellations became completely drunk out of their minds. Kyrgios
stared at them with criticising eyes before asking me. \[My disciple. Are
these fools your companions?\]

"No, total strangers."

\[First Phase has concluded.\]

\[Congratulations. You have safely negotiated the first shockwave of the
'First Tail-Flick'\!\]

...We did it. We managed to withstand that damn tail flick's first hurdle.

I looked behind me. "Everyon..."

I couldn't continue on. Because a desolate, ruined landscape greeted me, with
a sea of corpses burnt by the electrical waves filling it up. Some of them
were swept up by the electrical energy we couldn't hold back, while some of
them died after their Incarnation Bodies exploded, unable to deal with the
storm of aftermath taking place nearby.

The five hundred-plus Constellations were reduced to less than half that
number through just one encounter. What an utterly fraudulent death toll that
was.

...Could I even claim that we managed to endure when it was like this?

It was just the first phase, so what would we do about the second and the
third one?

I raised my head and saw the messages from the stars brightening the night sky
as if they were losing their minds.

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are stunned by the difficulty of
this scenario\!\]

\[Many Constellations are lodging complaints at the Bureau in regards to the
applicable scenario's Probability\!\]

\[A portion of Constellations are arguing that this scenario cannot exist.\]

\[The majority of Constellations are requesting for the scenario's
cancellation.\]

Scenario's cancellation, was it.

What a funny thing this was, there still being idiots daydreaming about stuff
like that.

\[Applicable scenario cannot be cancelled.\]

\[All Constellations within the applicable scenario's area are urged to
prepare for the next phase.\]

No, the apocalypse would carry on.

While the messages from the Constellations freaking out continued on, the
baptism of sponsorship messages also rained down from the other side of the
sky as well.

\[Constellation, 'Lightning Throne', is looking closely at you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Spear That Draws the Boundaries of the Sea', is glaring at
you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Great Mother God Who Created Man out of Earth', is getting
interested in the Story you might earn.\]

\[Final Scenario's Constellations are focusing on you.\]

\[Final Scenario's Constellations are enjoying your actions.\]

\[3,000,000 Coins have been sponsored.\]

The Constellations of the 'Final Scenario', including the likes of the
'Lightning Throne' Zeus, the 'Spear That Draws the Boundaries of the Sea'
Poseidon, and even the 'Great Mother God Who Created Man out of Earth', Nuwa.

The existences lording over the top stratosphere of <Star Stream> who didn't
participate in this scenario, but didn't feel threatened by the unfolding
events from the get-go, were there at the 'Final Scenario'.

The location for that scenario was excluded from the 'First Tail-flick's' area
of destruction.

Even the destruction of their fellow Constellations was nothing more than a
type of entertainment to those on the cusp of reaching the 'end' of this
world.

\[Second Phase will commence ten minutes later.\]

A ten-minute interval, was it.

I breathed a sigh of relief and looked back at Kyrgios. I sensed that his
Status had grown even greater than before.

"You must've reached another enlightenment, Master."

\[It seems that you're now at the level to discern that, at least.\]

Kyrgios's complaining voice sounded thorny. Not only were his looks enough to
slap Yoo Joonghyuk's face silly, but even the way he spoke slapped the latter
silly, too.

Lee Jihye sprinted to where we were and began shaking me by the shoulders.
"Ahjussi\!\! I thought we'd end up as grilled squid, you know\!"

And why did this kid have to go and use that kind of figure of speech...

"Kyrgios grandpa\! Where's my Grand Master? Didn't she come with you?"

\[The Breaking the Sky Saint has some matter to take care of first, so she'll
arrive later.\] He replied in a cold tone of voice and peered at me from the
corners of his eyes before turning his head away. \[I thought that my disciple
would've been half-dead by now and came in a hurry. But I see that he's far
healthier than I hoped.\]

I couldn't tell whether he was rueful or relieved from his tone of voice.

"If you arrived any later, never mind half-dead, I'd have been really dead,
you know. Let's not worry about that, though. We need to get ready for the
second phase."

As if he was waiting for it, Yoo Joonghyuk approached us as soon as my words
ended.

"According to the tale of Harmagedon passed down, the attribute for the
'Second Shockwave' is intense heat."

The Apocalypse Dragon's tail in the far-off distance was visibly getting red-
hot. Although it looked to be moving at a very slow speed from here, the truth
was, that tail was vibrating at a scarcely-believable speed right now.

That intense friction heat was powerful enough to distort the axis of space-
time itself.

Shin Yoosung grasped my jet-black scorched wrist and spoke. "Ahjussi, about
the next phase..."

The moment I saw the determined eyes of both her and Lee Gilyoung, I
understood what they wanted to say. But Yoo Joonghyuk butted in first. "You
two must stay back."

That cold-sounding declaration caused the two kids to immediately lash back.

"Why?? We're also <Kim Dokja's Company>, you know\!"

"What do you know, you sooty bastard\! I wasn't asking you anyway\!"

Lee Gilyoung's provocation was met with Yoo Joonghyuk's emotionless reply.
"This isn't the issue of your willingness, but effectiveness. You two do not
possess any Stigma or skills related to 'fire'."

In order to cancel the shockwave, we needed the 'Statuses' of a similar
attribute. Unfortunately for Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung, though, they
didn't possess any skills related to the fire-type attribute.

Gilyoung's shoulders trembled as if he was furious; he eventually shouted out.
"In that case, you also can't fight, then\! You don't have stuff like that
either\!"

"But, I do."

The corner of Yoo Joonghyuk's lips curled up as he lifted up his sword. And in
the following second, the blade of the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] was
enveloped in a fire-type sword aura.

\[Character, Yoo Joonghyuk, has activated 'Furious Flame God Blade Lv.???'.\]

"You... You...\!"

I gently patted the tearful Lee Gilyoung's shoulders.

As stated clearly in the original storyline, Yoo Joonghyuk possessed almost
every attribute there was.

...Hey, now that I thought about it, this guy also possessed lightning-based
attribute, so why didn't he lend a helping hand earlier?

Yoo Joonghyuk was glaring at me with his narrowed eyes. "Have you forgotten
how you pleaded with us not to aid you?"

"Ahh, I did that, didn't I," I replied, before flinching just a little.

This guy, I haven't said anything yet, so how did he read my mind?

"I shall announce the Constellations that will partake in the next phase."

Yoo Joonghyuk, already finding himself in the middle of the Constellations,
began his selection process.

  

* * *

  

A calamity, unprecedented in the history of the <Star Stream>, had come
knocking, and for the first time ever, Constellations were exposed to the
threat of their complete death.

Under Yoo Joonghyuk's command, these head-strong and proud Constellations
found themselves positioned on the frontline one by one.

\[I've heard that you're a Regressor. Does that mean you have information on
this situation?\]

"Of course I do."

A faint trace of trust could be seen within the eyes of the Constellations.
The more urgent the situation was, the more valuable information would get.
The rumours of Yoo Joonghyuk doing the rounds among the Constellations were
helping his attempt to instruct them.

He only took the blink of an eye to finish distributing the fighting force,
standing in the middle of the frontline himself.

Han Sooyoung watched him do that and muttered softly. "...Well, he's the
'Supreme King', alright."

Jung Heewon next to her nodded her head while polishing her sword. "Well, he
does have some parts that we have to acknowledge, that's for sure."

"It pains me to say it, but after <Han Sooyoung Corporation>, <Yoo Joonghyuk
Company> might be the next most suitable alternative for our Nebula's name."

"Before the top representative changes, we should create a labour union first,
though."

"A labour union, is it..."

Han Sooyoung smirked deeply and looked at Jung Heewon. They were working
together in the advance party for the 'intense heatwave'.

The \[Black Flame\] of the Black Flame Dragon contained the Status of red
flame, and Uriel's \[Hellfire\] was permeated with the strength of Hell's
flames. So, it was the same thing as these two being the strongest main force
in the current frontline.

"I never figured that we'd ever get to fight side-by-side."

"It's the same story for me, too."

Jung Heewon blew away the specks of dust clinging on to her \[Sword of
Judgement\].

That hard blade with its dull lustre  Han Sooyoung had clashed against that
blade on the stage of 'Proof of Stars' a long time ago.

Afterwards, she never had the chance to talk to Jung Heewon like this, one-on-
one. Well, they didn't really have anything to say to each other, and she
wasn't really talented when it came to that sort of conversation, so that
couldn't be helped.

Even if that was the case, she still had to ask Jung Heewon for an explanation
this time. "...By the way, why are you still lugging around that?"

"Ah, this?" Jung Heewon looked at the huge 'luggage' on her back and formed a
bitter smile.

Lee Hyunsung could be seen wrapped tightly on a cross made out of steel frame.

"This is the only way that I can protect him."

"...But, he looks as if he's already met his noble end, though? Where did you
even find a cross, anyway?"

"My sponsor."

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is nodding her head in
satisfaction.\]

"...You know, this sight comes across as a bit blasphemous somehow. Is Uriel
really an Angel?"

"Weeeell, even a Demon King is like that, so it's fine."

The two women's gazes shifted towards the back of the ranks almost
simultaneously.

Kim Dokja was among those Constellations sitting outside the ranks. With a
melancholic look on his face, he was pressing the ground with his finger. It
was as if he was scribbling something down there.

Han Sooyoung spoke first. "Is he writing a will?"

"That might be. I mean, doesn't he make that sort of a face before he's about
to sacrifice himself?" Jung Heewon gritted her teeth as if she had had enough
already. "If he goes and does something like that again, I'm really going
to...\!"

\['First Tail-Flick' is recommencing\!\]

It was then, a humongous explosion of light could be seen at the far front of
the battleline.

"Get ready."

Along with Yoo Joonghyuk's signal, Constellations all gripped their weapons
tightly.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is issuing clear warnings\!\]

The wave of the intense heat burned brightly. After seeing those sun-like red
flames that burned away everything in the heavens and on earth without
discrimination, Han Sooyoung spoke in a fed-up voice. "God damn it, if only my
Black Flame Dragon wasn't defeated..."

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', says he has underestimated his
opponent.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', says that if he had started
fighting with both of his hands...\]

"Will you just shut up\!"

And then, the intense heatwave swallowed the Constellations up.

Kugugugugugu\!\!

Stuck in the middle of the flooding wave of flames, Han Sooyoung desperately
activated \[Black Flame\]. The Black Flame Dragon's Status permeated her
entire being, and the heat from the wave was rapidly absorbed into her body.
It felt as if her head was blanking out and all the Stories she'd lived so far
were melting away.

...Kim Dokja was enduring against something like this?

The fact that Jung Heewon was next to her proved to be a small consolation.
No, not just her, but Constellations who were second to none when it came to
wielding fire were guarding her sides, too.

The one who perhaps best represented that was 'Purifying Flame' Agni, over by
the very front of the line, defending against the crashing wave of flames by
himself.

He'd be one of the strongest Constellations within <Vedas> after one excluded
the three Myth-grade gods of that Nebula. And, as befitting a powerful
Constellation, he was pouring out so much power that his entire being was now
lit up on fire as he withstood the intense heatwave. Hell, even the whites of
his eyes were showing...

"...Hey, that idiot is actually burning to death\!\!"

Along with the noise of "ta-dat", Agni's body began crumbling away in ashes.
That served as the starting point, and the screams of Constellations
reverberated from everywhere next.

\[Kuwaaaaak\!\!\]

Their line was being forced back with a speed far quicker compared to when
pushing back against the electrical wave. Constellations melting down from the
intense heatwave writhed around in pain, while the advancing flames used them
as their firewood to increase the intensity of their heat.

They were losing.

Han Sooyoung's eyes, currently being protected by Status, felt as if they were
now going blind. The heat nearing her nose made it difficult to even breathe.
Before she had noticed it, the intense heatwave had reached right before her.

Jung Heewon breathlessly cried out. "Uriel\!\!"

Uriel's and the Black Flame Dragon's powers increased and a momentary
defensive wall was created. The intense heatwave seemed to waver just for a
second there, but then, it began forcing back their Statuses once more, bit by
bit.

Han Sooyoung's and Jung Heewon's shoulders were pressed against each other as
they continued to endure. Energies from both Black Flame Dragon were gradually
seeping away, as well.

From the beginning, the Dragon had already spent a lot of its strength
fighting in the 'Dragon Festival', and due to the partial destruction of
<Eden>, Uriel was unable to receive her share of Probability and so, her
condition was about the same.

\[Nebula, <Vedas>, is withdrawing a portion of their Probability.\]

\[Nebula, <Papyrus>, is withdrawing a portion of their Probability.\]

Even the Nebulas supplying them with Probability began withdrawing one by one.

But, that was only obvious; if they were to spend more Probability than what
their Giant Stories could afford, then even if they managed to earn a new
Giant Story now, they would still be losing out at the end, anyway.

From their perspective, getting annihilated by the Apocalypse Dragon or by the
storm of Probability's aftermaths was just about the same now.

Through her bloodstained, dried-up lips, Han Sooyoung spoke. "Damn it, I
shouldn't have been worried about Kim Dokja."

"Worried about me?"

For a moment there, she thought she felt a certain sense of refreshment enter
her, and soon, a familiar power enveloped her and Jung Heewon's backs.

Han Sooyoung grumbled loudly. "Are you finished writing your will?"

"...What are you on about?"

\[Nebula, <Kim Dokja's Company>, is supplying you with Probability.\]

In <Star Stream>, Probability was one's wish, a dream; a desire not to give up
until the end on the story that everyone else had given up on already.

The ardent wishes of a small number of people who hadn't given up on the
scenario were supporting them now.

Han Sooyoung bitterly smiled. "How foolish...Why didn't you all run away, then?"

"Where can we even go, anyway?"

Lee Jihye advanced forward while firing the cannons of the \[Turtle Dragon\].
The battleship built with futuristic technology and its hard exterior blocked
the intense heatwave instead of Jung Heewon's and Han Sooyoung's crumbling
bodies.

\[Giant Story, 'Next City', is crumbling away.\]

Lee Jihye writhed in pain as she tried to endure against the flames all by
herself. No matter how powerful \[Turtle Dragon\] was as a Story weapon, it
was never designed for this sort of situation.

Han Sooyoung cried out in despair. "Damn it\! Doesn't matter who it is, just
hurry up and help\! There are lots of you with fire attributes, right?\!"

Unfortunately, not a single one in the night sky replied to her.

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are watching the Nebula, <Kim
Dokja's Company>.\]

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are evacuating from the intense
heatwave\!\]

\[Constellations of the 'Final Scenario' are watching this scenario.\]

Weak Constellations were too occupied with running away, while the truly
strong ones seemingly didn't want to miss this grand show.

"...Is it really only us?"

Turtle Dragon's external layer melted away, and Yoo Joonghyuk quickly carried
the unconscious Lee Jihye on his back as he continued to activate Furious
Flame God Blade.

The intense heatwave that managed to burn everything away in the surroundings
began flooding their position once more with a scale they couldn't possibly
defend against this time.

Not even Uriel, not even the Black Flame Dragon, not even the 'Maritime War
God', not even Kyrgios and that Yoo Joonghyuk...

"Thank you for holding on until now."

...And then, Kim Dokja spoke up. "It's fine now. I was confused a bit earlier.
Well, it was my first time doing it, that's why."

Before Han Sooyoung could ask what he was talking about, something suddenly
rose up from the ground behind her. That was where Kim Dokja had been
squatting earlier. There was a hexagram of darkness spread out widely on the
ground, and something was being summoned through that very hexagram.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

A gigantic frame began blocking the incoming heatwave head-on. Han Sooyoung's
brows rose up high. "...Pluto?"

That 'something' turned out to be the Giant Soldier Pluto. However, it was no
ordinary Pluto, either. There was no way that it'd be able to withstand that
intense heat even if it was the Giant Soldier.

Kuwaaaaah-\!\!

The one riding inside Pluto was blocking the wave all alone when various
Narrative-grade Constellations had failed to endure it previously.

Han Sooyoung saw the chilling, dangerous-looking scythe held by the Giant
Soldier and instantly figured out who it was. The thing was, the Story weapon
Pluto didn't originally belong to Kim Dokja.

\[Giant Story, 'Underworld', has begun its storytelling.\]

Even if it was a story where only a handful wished to see, the scale of
Probability changed depending on who that handful of people was. And the
existence that appeared now was a grand being who could handle such
Probability all by himself.

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', has incarnated into the
scenario\!\]

He was the Constellation that protected <Olympus>'s hottest Hell.

The Myth-grade Constellation, Hades, had descended on the battlefield with
<Underworld> in tow.


