### Chapter 470: Ep. 89 - Great Apocalypse, IV

The moment the shelling began, I grabbed Lee Jihye. It felt as if the entire
world had us in its crosshairs. Our ship quickly turned its heading. I could
only pray that she wasn't too late.

Fire.

Kwa-aaaaaaaah\!\!

The ear-rending cacophony of cannon firing noises filled up the entire great
ocean. Foams around us evaporated into steam. With almost no room left, the
\[Turtle Dragon\] managed to turn around in time. Even then, we couldn't dodge
everything.

"Hyunsung-ssi\!"

As the acrid burning smell filled up our noses, the Story metal quickly
branched out and covered up the entirety of the deck. Soon, it covered the
entire hull and started glowing in white-hot heat. So hot, in fact, one's skin
would be cooked instantly. As the impact force on the outer layer of the metal
decreased, Lee Hyunsung undid the \[Steel Transformation\].

When we saw the sky again, we realized that our ship was falling to the bottom
as if the ground beneath had disappeared. I quickly activated \[Demon King
Transformation\], spread out my wings, and shouted out.

"Lee Jihye\!\!"

She hurriedly grabbed the helm and controlled the movement of the ship. Flames
lit up below the hull and the \[Turtle Dragon\] began flying.

Only after securing our balance were we able to take stock of our
surroundings. Just what the hell happened here...?

And then, Kim Dokja couldn't close his slack jaw.

A ship in the middle of the ocean suddenly fell to the ground  meaning, the
water supporting that ship had disappeared.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The great ocean had been split in half and its deep, dark bottom was now fully
exposed. Aquatic creatures were flapping around painfully down there, and we
could see the horde of 'Outer Gods' gleefully tearing into those helpless
creatures.

\[Gyahaaaaaah\!\]

The swarm of Outer Gods were running on the bottom of the ocean, their bodies
wriggling like worms. From either side of the now-dry ocean, the huge tsunami
waves were flooding in.

"Move\! Hurry\!"

I shouted out and Lee Jihye urgently turned the ship around again.

Load the cannons.

It was then that we heard the noises of cannons being loaded for the second
time. Just hearing that true voice alone instilled fear deep into the very
marrows of our bones.

I raised my head and saw Lee Hyunsung sweating buckets as well. Even if it was
the \[Story metal\], it wouldn't be able to withstand attacks of such calibre
too many times.

"Ahjussi\! Do something\!"

I was planning to act, anyway.

I finished my crappy construction effort on the \[The White Flag of Complete
Surrender\] and raised it up high.

\[Item, 'The White Flag of Complete Surrender', is activating\!\]

\[Now your enemies should be able to spot your complete surrender from even
afar\!\]

\[A portion of Constellations are shocked by your action\!\]

\[A small number of Constellations are pointing accusatory fingers at your
cowardice\!\]

Cowardice, my foot. You haven't even bothered to show up here.

I used all of my strength to wave this white flag around.

"Lee Jihye\! Over here\!"

I called out, yet no reply came back my way.

No, the one to tackle me down figuratively was our own Lee Jihye, instead.
"Ahjussi, have you gone insane??"

"It might not look it, but this item is an SSS-grade."

"There's no guarantee of us surviving just because we surrendered, you know\!"

"Well, Lee Jihye on that side could be a kind girl. Let's believe in that."

"How can you crack jokes in this kind of situation??"

Unfortunately, I wasn't joking.

The cannons finished reloading and just as they began emitting light, I
diligently waved my white flag and shouted out my prepared speech. "Oiii, Lee
Jihye\! Did your master teach you to attack the opponents waving white
flags??"

Ku-gu...

And then, that side stopped moving for the first time ever. The fully-loaded
cannons had stopped just before they could fire. The thick, grey steam
dissipated to reveal a lone figure standing on the deck.

It was the Outer God, the 'Master of the Sunken Island'.

Lee Jihye from the 999th turn was standing there, her long hair dancing in the
wind.

Even though she had lived an unaccountable amount of time, her looks were
still in the 20s. It was as if her time had frozen still in the moments of the
999th regression turn's 'Conclusion'.

As if she wanted to count the emptiness of that time, her lips began parting
slowly.

Flag...

"That's right, this flag. You remember it?"

Old pages were flipping past within me. Scenes from the 999th turn were being
replayed  the intense stench of blood, the eerie darkness of the subway...

\[Exclusive skill, 'Reading Comprehension', is activating\!\]

\[Attribute, 'Scenario Interpreter', is activating\!\]

\[Your words have awoken the ancient Story within your opponent\!\]

Within that darkness stood Yoo Joonghyuk.

Sparks burst out from the shattered, broken headlights of the train; the light
flickering intermittently illuminated Yoo Joonghyuk's sword slaughtering the
monsters.

On that day, the wounded Sword Demon met the Supreme King.

The Sword Demon shuddered after seeing his sword easily rip through the
enemies she had so much trouble fighting until then. Lee Jihye shouted out,
her eyes chasing after the sword's trajectory that seemed to disappear in pure
disinterest.

"If I follow after you, can I become stronger, too? Then, will I be able to
survive in this stinking world?\!"

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

Sparks danced violently before my eyes. The vicious storm of Probability's
aftermath was so powerful that I couldn't even see my front properly.

The incoming aquatic creatures and 'Outer Gods' targeting us got sucked into
the sparks and writhed in pain.

\[Whatsthiswhatsthiswhatsthiswhatsthis\]

'Outer Gods' turned to look at their 'King'. However, their king was no longer
standing there. As if she was lost within the distant memories, the 999th
turn's Lee Jihye was reaching out towards the empty air.

Mas... ter...

As I thought.

I got this impression the first time I met the 'Secretive Plotter' as well as
999th turn's Uriel, that... These people, they were clearly out of their minds.

\[Character, 'Master of the Sunken Island', is painfully baring her teeth.\]

When an existence became an 'Outer God', normally this being would end up as a
completely different existence. It'd lose the memories of the life it lived
and be reborn as a brand new creature.

However, that was the story reserved for the regular 'Outer Gods'; 'Kings'
played by different rules. They retained the memories and emotions of their
previous lives.

The 'Secretive Plotter' divided his Story into different regression turns and
stored them that way, while the 'Living Flame' shoved her own sense of self
into her vengeful obsession.

In that case, what was it like for the 'Master of the Sunken Island'?

Was she able to remember who she used to be?

"Lee Jihye\! Please remember who you once were\!"

I wasn't sure why the 999th turn's Lee Jihye became an 'Outer God'. However, I
could think of one possibility.

"Don't destroy this 'worldline', please\! This place is the same as the world
you used to live in\! Yoo Joonghyuk is here, so is Lee Hyunsung, and so are
you, Lee Jihye\!"

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

\[<Star Stream> is closely observing your actions.\]

\[A portion of Great Dokkaebis are frowning at your actions.\]

Stories from the 999th turn began flowing in front of my eyes.

"Don't close your eyes\! Make sure you see who you're about to kill\!"

"Don't close your eyes. Make sure to remember who your sword is about to
kill.

Yoo Joonghyuk as how the 999th turn's Lee Jihye remembered him stood there,
the man who taught her the ways of the sword and how to survive. The
\[Struggle for the Flag\] began, and after taking over the Chungmuro Station,
he said this to her.

"Remember the deaths of those you've killed. This might hurt you, but that
way, you'll avoid becoming a Sword Demon."

Yoo Joonghyuk's flag, still white and untainted, slowly wavered in that place.
It'd become red, then black, later. Lee Jihye looked at the flag proudly
gleaning on that man's back and thought to herself.

I wish to become someone like him.

That was something I also thought about often.

\[Character, 'Master of the Sunken Island's' Story is violently shaking\!\]

I didn't miss this opening and continued to fire my salvo like a machine gun.
I spat out the events of the 999th turn that I remembered without a shred of
hesitation. "Have you forgotten everything that Yoo Joonghyuk taught you back
then? Let the ones surrendering early go\! Those who scheme behind your back
are usually the smart ones\! We're short on manpower, so we need to utilise
even such people, too\!"

Lee Jihye's jaw fell as she watched me from the side. She must've had no clue
that I'd come out and persuade our enemy in this manner. Didn't really matter
if they slagged me off for being a coward as I simply had no choice. I had to
resort to stimulating the memories from the original novel since buying time
was the utmost priority for us. I didn't have any guarantee that this method
would work, anyway.

Fire.

...Goddammit, so that little wasn't enough, huh.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!

The second shelling commenced.

Although the firepower this time was weaker, the destructive power behind the
attack was still too much for us to meet it head-on. The only saving grace was
that, rather than 'one big shot', the attack was in the form of scattered
rounds, instead.

I watched the shells cross the vast ocean and bit my lips, hard. "Hyunsung-
ssi\!"

"...I'm not finished with my preparations\!"

Was it because he had to lend the \[Story metal\] to our companions, too? Lee
Hyunsung's magical energy recovery rate was extremely slow. The forged steel
covering the vessel was only about half compared to before.

Meaning, we need to withstand this 'turn' without the help from the \[Steel
Transformation\].

The \[Turtle Dragon\] began retreating with every ounce of energy in order to
dodge the scattered shells. However, Lee Jihye moved in contrast to the ship's
direction and stood in front to protect both Lee Hyunsung and me.

"Ahjussis, stand behind me. I'll do whatever I can about this."

Her unexpected words made me take another look at her. With an unfamiliar
light in her eyes, she was studying the frontline.

"This fight... It's my fight."

I didn't know what made her move, but one thing's for certain  Lee Jihye had
chosen her battlefield.

"I don't know what the hell this 999th turn is nor what happened in that
place. However, if there is another 'me' trying to destroy this world with the
pretext of tragedy from another regression turn..." Ghostly flames burned
fiercely within her eyes after she had made up her mind. "I will never forgive
another 'me'."

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is unleashing his Status\!\]

I quietly stared at her.

The oceans were the most optimal battlefield for her.

The only things I could trust right now were Lee Jihye and her battleship.

\[Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company>'s Probability is permeating within the
Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye'\!\]

The Giant Stories I possessed poured in all of their Status into her. Blinding
golden aura enveloped her body.

She opened her eyes wide, before smiling refreshingly at me. "Thanks,
ahjussi."

Lee Jihye's battleship dashed forward.

The \[Turtle Dragon\] evaded the arcs of the incoming scattered shells and
spat out flames from its figurehead.

"All troops, advance\!"

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun talking a big
game\!\]

The flames spat out by the small dragon figurehead collided with the shell
fired from the other side and evaporated. The history we lived together became
the Story and was colliding against the 999th turn's Story.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is aiding the Incarnation 'Lee
Jihye'.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling\!\]

If one looked at the destructive power of Giant Stories alone, then our side
shouldn't get pushed around by your run-of-the-mill Nebulas.

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', has ceded his command to his
Incarnation.\]

\[Character 'Lee Jihye' is activating 'Ghost Fleet Lv.???'\!\]

Her speciality, the Ghost Fleet, finally revealed themselves above the great
ocean's waters. Each of these vessels had grown past the size of a cruiser and
were now almost reaching that of an aircraft carrier. They escorted the
\[Turtle Dragon\] and spat out flames in synch with each other.

"Load the cannons\!"

Lee Jihye's Ghost Fleet started their speedy forward march. Unfortunately,
that side started firing first.

Waves of flames rushed in over the vast expanse of the ocean. The fleet headed
straight into the wave. The gigantic wall of water blocked our front, but her
eyes were focused only on a single point.

"Fire\!"

The concentrated firing caused one side of the wave to explode. The fleet dug
into that small opening and continued to advance. Her fleet, now in the
straight-line formation, then opened fire in all directions.

Outer Gods struck down by the cannons cried out in pain. Lee Jihye trampled on
those screams and continued to advance forward again and again.

She even vomited out blood after using an excessive amount of magical energy,
yet she never let go of the helm.

Even if it's just one shot.

Lee Jihye's eyes emitting chilling glow were still fixed on one point. On a
certain battleship waiting beyond the thick wall of waves.

Load the cannons.

"Load the cannons\!"

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is cheering on the Incarnation,
'Lee Jihye'.\]

\[Constellation, 'King Heungmu', is cheering on the Incarnation, 'Lee
Jihye'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Joseon's First Sorcerer', is cheering on the Incarnation,
'Lee Jihye'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Last Hero of Hwangsanbeol', is cheering on the Incarnation,
'Lee Jihye'.\]

\[Constellation, 'One-eyed Maitreya', is cheering on the Incarnation, 'Lee
Jihye'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Seo-Ae Single Stroke of Brush', is cheering on the
Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye'.\]

The Korean Peninsula's Constellations were now looking at her.

While watching her pierce her way through this overwhelmingly disadvantageous
combat situation, I began recalling a certain page from the now-ancient
original novel.

\[Character 'Lee Jihye's' attribute evolution is imminent\!\]

Her final attribute evolution, something she also experienced during the
original, was about to occur right before my eyes. Such a thing was possible
only because of the current situation.

The Probabilities lent to her by the Korean Peninsula's Constellations, her
own Story that she had accumulated with abnormal speed, and finally, Lee
Jihye's determination to even risk death all combined to create this miracle.

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is looking at his Incarnation.\]

From the distant skies, Lee Jihye's Sponsor, the 'Maritime War God', was
looking down at her. He was the Constellation that protected and advised her
for the longest time.

I knew what he was thinking right now; I could sense it, because I was also a
star like him. He was currently experiencing an event that only the smallest
number of Constellations would ever encounter.

The event of an Incarnation exceeding the Status of her Sponsor.

This should be what the Maritime War God must've realized  that the time had
come for him to acknowledge the truth; that now was the time to let go of his
own Incarnation from his embrace.

And so  the oceans desired one Monarch to rule over the violent storms.

The Maritime War God recited the Story as if he was sending the congratulatory
message to a young bird taking to the skies for the first time.

Therefore, there is no need for two Monarchs in this great ocean.

\[Character 'Lee Jihye's' attribute is evolving\!\]

\[Character 'Lee Jihye' has acquired the legendary-grade attribute\!\]

Finally, the wounded Sword Demon was advancing towards her own ocean.

\[Character 'Lee Jihye's' attribute has evolved to the 'Monarch of the Great
Sea'\!\]

Fire.

"Fire\!\!"

As the ear-deafening cannon firing resounded out, everything before our eyes
was enveloped by the blinding flash of light.


