### Chapter 479: Ep. 91 - One Single Story, III

\[Story, 'Master of Steel', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The walls of steel created by 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung blanketed the
surroundings and expanded rapidly. This power was strong enough to even defend
the entire planet when deployed within <Oz>.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

The expanding steel intertwined with the Stage Transformation and began
creating the partitions of the subway.

This stage was utterly familiar to me. Even now, just by closing my eyes I'd
be able to vividly recall this cabin from the first scenario.

\[A Myth-grade Constellation's 'Stage' has been generated\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Now originally, Stage Transformation was quite similar to augmented reality.
In other words, the surrounding topography wouldn't change simply because it
had been transformed into a stage.

However, the case this time was slightly different.

\[<Star Stream> is paying close attention to your 'Stage'.\]

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are watching the 'Stage'.\]

\[Great Dokkaebis are jealous of your 'Stage'.\]

\[Due to the large number of gazes, the stage grade of the 'Stage
Transformation' is increasing\!\]

<Star Stream>'s Probability was directly linked to the number of gazes
watching on. A scenario that a large number of beings watched was able to
generate a powerful Story, and a stage watched by many could generate sizeable
impact in return.

The anticipation carried within those countless gazes could shift the
Probability, in other words.

On that day, the Delusion Demon and the Demon King of Salvation met for the
first time in that place.

And the shifting Probability could sometimes turn 'fake' into 'reality'.

\[Due to the effects of the 'Disconnected Film Theory', the materialisation of
the 'Stage Transformation' is incomplete\!\]

\[Within the applicable stage, the Characters 'Kim Namwoon' and the 'Monarch
of the Great Abyss' will be treated as the same individual.\]

\[The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss's' stage compatibility is 87.351%\!\]

\[The possibility of a sudden end exists.\]

The fake becoming real on stage could only occur for a brief period of time.
While everyone was focusing here, before the mysteriousness of this stage came
undone  I had to finish everything.

You...\!\!

I unhesitantly approached Kim Namwoon. I didn't sense myself growing any
stronger from the effects of the Stage Transformation. However, I was filled
with confidence, instead. The kind that a wolf might feel when hunting down a
rabbit.

What kind of dogshit is this?\!

The enraged 999th turn's Kim Namwoon pounced on me. Since he was under the
influence of the Stage Transformation, his mobility had become quite
sluggish, as if he was that Kim Namwoon from the first scenario whose average
stat points didn't even reach 10.

The problem was, my own body was no different from back then during the first
scenario, too.

Swiiish\!

I lowered my head and dodged the dagger. I was reading the direction of his
attacks through the \[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint\] so evading him wasn't
that difficult.

\[The rules of the 'first scenario' will apply to the applicable 'Stage'\!\]

\[Incarnation Bodies within the 'Stage' will grow stronger by killing another
life.\]

Memories continued to resurface.

Right. We fought like this back in the first scenario. Just for the sake of
100 Coins as our survival fee, people had to die.

Just for those 100 Coins, people killed each other.

We managed to survive such a world.

\[Many Constellations are recalling their 'first scenarios'.\]

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon pressed down on his temples as if he was
suffering from migraine, then began cackling at me. Haha... So, this is how you
want to play it? Quite interesting.

"But, you don't look like you're enjoying yourself at all?"

His glare was filled with the prickly killing intent.

\[The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss's' stage compatibility has decreased
slightly\!\]

Even if the effects of the Stage Transformation was absolute, this
particular stage was recreated through a simple trick. The longer I took, the
weaker the connection between the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon to his 3rd turn
counterpart would become.

\[What the hell, grasshopper man\! What's going on here? What's happening?\!\]

The 3rd turn's Kim Namwoon raised himself up in the corner. He had been
altered into a small toy robot due to the effects of the Stage
Transformation. He awkwardly clung onto my leg.

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon saw this scene and muttered out. How
disappointing. To think that I'd get killed by a bastard like him and end up
as a trashcan robot.

\[What the hell are you talking about? You wanna die, buddy?? Hey, grasshopper
man\! Kill that son of a bitch\!\]

\[If there is no killing taking place in the next five minutes, all
Incarnation Bodies within the cabin will be exterminated\!\]

This would be my first time seeing the Stage Transformation imposing such a
strict restriction.

Wasn't this almost at the level of an actual main scenario?

Die\!

The dagger sliced the air and flew right in. I used the surrounding objects to
dodge the attacks. The movements of my body might have become dull, but I was
not the same Kim Dokja as I used to be back then.

Kim Namwoon's attacks scratched the subway's steel doors and floors. The power
behind each of his thudding attacks was gradually getting stronger.

The aura of Chaos was faintly swirling around him. The effects of the Stage
Transformation on him was already declining. The odds of victory would tilt
towards his favour if this continued on.

However, the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon seemed to be getting more and more
anxious, instead.

\[Character, 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', is getting agitated.\]

\[Character, 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', is urgently surveying his
surroundings.\]

Why was this? Why did his complexion look so poor? I took a closer look to
find his cheeks and neck soaked in cold sweat.

\[Character, 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', detests this space.\]

You rat-like bastard...\!\!

\[A portion of Constellations are suspicious of the 'Outer God King's'
Status.\]

\[A small number of Constellations are scorning the small fry-like
utterance.\]

The movements of the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon were getting simpler perhaps due
to his increasing anxiety.

\[If there is no killing taking place in the next three minutes, all
Incarnation Bodies within the cabin will be exterminated\!\]

Three minutes remained.

"Dokja-ssi? What's going on here...?"

And that was when I heard a certain voice. Kim Namwoon and I both turned our
heads in the direction of where that voice came from.

And immediately, chills ran down on my spine.

There was another who bore witness to their fight in that place.

I had forgotten about it.

The most righteous person in the carriage number 3807 on that day.

...That I and Kim Namwoon weren't the only people riding in that subway that
day.

Hahahahaha\!\!\!

Kim Namwoon exploded in the fit of maddened laughter, abandoned me, and rushed
towards Yoo Sangah.

Perhaps due to the effects of the Stage Transformation, she was now kitted
out in the uncomfortable outfit she had on during the first scenario.

He closed the distance in an instant and his dagger was swung towards her.

As the blade scythed the air with a sharp swish...

Slice-\!

Sliced strands of hair danced in the air. Yoo Sangah and her hardened
expression were using agile movements to evade Kim Namwoon's attacks. As a
matter of fact, she was far more agile than I was.

Not bad\!

\[Character, 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', has received the effects of
'Blackening'\!\]

However, his movements should grow faster and faster with passing time.

On that day, the Delusion Demon came to understand his new world.

The effects of the Stage Transformation was getting stronger.

...That a new set of rules was needed in a brand new world.

I could see Yoo Sangah's complexion getting paler and paler.

There was no time. I needed to find a way. Somehow I...

"Hyung."

A small hand tugged at my clothes.

If that boy didn't catch any insects that day...

Lee Gilyoung was also here, with a babyish face of a young boy. He looked
exactly like how I remembered during the first scenario.

The boy in despair after losing his parent was extending his palm out with a
determined expression.

\[Constellation, 'Ruler of the Deepest Pit', is laughing ominously.\]

Several bright-yellow grasshoppers rested on the boy's palm.

"Thanks."

I grabbed the grasshoppers and started running. The insects were then crushed
along with crunching noises.

\[You killed a lifeform.\]

\[Your Incarnation Body has been strengthened due to the effects of the Stage
Transformation\!\]

\[You killed a lifeform.\]

\[Your Incarnation Body has been strengthened due to the effects of the Stage
Transformation\!\]

...

My physical strength increased explosively as I ran inside the cabin.

The back of Kim Namwoon's head, currently cackling away like a madman, was now
right before my nose.

Die\! Die\!\! Die\! Dieeee\!

I simply grabbed the nape of his neck and slammed the bastard down on the
subway's floor. His legs trembled like an insect being crushed.

You son of a...\!

He swiftly jumped out from my grasp and swung his dagger in my direction. I
didn't bother to dodge that.

Kah-gagagagak\!

Because there was no need to.

The knife continued to leave behind scratches. Although blood did trickle
down, the blade failed to gouge out the flesh beneath the skin.

The final scenes of the first scenario flitted past my view as if it was
overlapping with reality.

Kim Namwoon's attacks continued to get faster, but he failed to break past Lee
Hyunsung's strengthened \[Steel Transformation\].

This, just what the hell is this...

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon spat out expletives and wielded his dagger.
However, no matter how many times he swung it, there was no use.

Because the end of this 'Stage' was already set in stone.

"Looks like you only have two minutes remaining."

Uwaaaaaah\!\!

Kim Namwoon and his distorted expression swung his dagger indiscriminately.
Only his poor blade ended up breaking, however, and it fell to the ground. One
minute thirty seconds, then one minute twenty... As time continued to tick down,
Kim Namwoon's figure slowly crumbled to the ground.

It wasn't because he simply lost all his strength. What attacked him was a sin
far more fundamental in nature.

The foundational Story of Kim Namwoon, the Demon of Delusion.

The surrounding space began distorting; the pool of blood was now spreading on
the once-empty floor of the cabin. It was not the blood we had shed.

There's, there's just no way...\!

The shivering 999th turn's Kim Namwoon plopped down on the spot.

\[Giant Story, 'Delusional Design', is losing control\!\]

Right here in this place was where his Story, 'Delusional Design' had
germinated.

Kim Namwoon relied on \[Abnormal Adaptability\] to forge a new world he had to
live in  but what about the version of him who had witnessed the end of that
'world'? What kind of meaning did that world hold for him?

C-crap like t-this, won't...\!

Corpses on the floor were glaring at us, their eyes wide open.

Those that I failed to protect  those with their heads missing or their
hearts pierced through. Those dying while vomiting blood were now looking at
us.

Kim Namwoon's face shook hard as if he was having a seizure. It was an
expression that didn't suit him.

"Are you feeling the guilt after having come this far?"

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon trembled and looked up at me, his lips bobbing up
and down.

"You're right, I'm trash. So what??"

Kim Namwoon from the initial regression turns would've definitely said that.
However, even such a guy had said something different during the 999th turn.

"...I've been thinking about this sometimes. Maybe I should've been the one to
die that day. Captain, you also think that way, don't you?"

The psychopath, Kim Namwoon, the Demon of Delusion.

Even after I finished reading the entirety of the original novel, my opinion
on that guy hadn't changed.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Reading Comprehension', is activating\!\]

However, that couldn't have been Kim Namwoon's everything. The 'Ways of
Survival' I read was no doubt nothing more than just the tip of an iceberg
called this world.

And so, the 'Kim Namwoon' I didn't know must have existed somewhere, too.

Kim Namwoon, who ended up seeing a world's end for someone's sake.

Kim Namwoon, capable of wandering aimlessly for forty thousand years out of
his love for someone.

Kim Namwoon, carrying on the sake of protecting his loyalty to his companions.

What if such a Kim Namwoon existed in the world somewhere...?

And what if such a Kim Namwoon was the one who saw the end of the 999th turn...?

I, I... I...

His delusion was being eaten away.

That was the history he endured on by exchanging away his personality; the ego
of the Kim Namwoon, a second-year student from Cheongil High School, was now
leaking out from its hidden spot beneath his mask.

I... I killed... them... That's right, I...

The shivering Kim Namwoon held his broken dagger and began sobbing away.

"Right. You did kill them."

As I said that, I took a look at the rear of the subway.

I saw Lee Hyunsung's steel tunnel, now merged with the Stage Transformation.
And this near-endless tunnel was overflowing with corpses.

The 'Nameless Ones', their names now long forgotten, were crying out.

"And they are the people I didn't save."

A new world requires a new story.

That was the price for completing the 'One Single Story'.

We lived for the purpose of completing this petty 'gi-seung-jeon-gyeol'.

\[Your 'hidden scenario' is on the verge of completion\!\]

\[All of your Stories are desiring your 'Conclusion'\!\]

\[Every Constellation in <Star Stream> can sense that your 'Conclusion' is
drawing near\!\]

And now, I had to see the end of this damn story.

Ah, aaah, aaaah...\!

The focus in Kim Namwoon's eyes blurred and he brought the tip of the broken
blade closer to his neck.

\[15 seconds remaining until the application of the 'Stage Transformation's'
rules.\]

\[Once the time limit has been reached, all Incarnations who didn't obey the
rules will be killed instantly.\]

Yoo Sangah and Lee Gilyoung were looking at this side. Even the 3rd turn's Kim
Namwoon, currently in the figure of a toy robot, was looking at me also.

If the time limit elapsed in this fashion, then the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon
would die for sure on this stage. The stage itself might be fake, but his
Story infused to this place was all real.

He'd die in this place. Just like those he had killed. Or, like how it was for
him in the 3rd turn.

He'd die a miserable death while accepting his 'life'.

The problem, however, was with the 3rd turn's Kim Namwoon. He'd also perish
due to the fact that he was connected to his 999th turn counterpart through
the 'Disconnected Film Theory'.

I couldn't let that happen.

\[The 'Stage Transformation' has been cancelled\!\]

The surrounding landscape changed and the stage disappeared. The memories
connected through the \[Disconnected Film Theory\] were fading away. The
subway scattered away, and all the actors involved also returned to their
previous positions.

However, the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon remained on his knees.

Certain stories, despite being fake, possessed power as if they were real
deal. The stage might be gone now, but the original sin didn't go away.

His ruined and frayed Story was scattering away. I quietly stared at him and
his lowered head, before lightly kicking away the dagger he was still holding.

"Kim Namwoon, you can't be saved."

Then, I pulled out the Unbroken Faith. The gleaming white swordlight seemed to
screech out from the blade. I deliberately raised the sword up high so that
everyone could see me. And then...

\[Every Constellation of <Star Stream> is waiting expectantly of the 'Outer
God King's' death\!\]

No\!\!

Along with a horrifying, desperate cry coming from somewhere, my Unbroken
Faith cut something down.


