### Chapter 176: Ep. 33 - Reading Again, VII

I nodded and opened my mouth. "Still, don't kill her."

"...We must beat her. That woman has no intention of cooperating."

I glanced at my blood-soaked mother. I didn't know if it was her blood or the
blood of others.

However, she was obviously at her limits. She had somehow been fighting with a
reasonable probability but her physical strength must've bottomed out. It was
an inevitable result.

She was alone and this place had Yoo Joonghyuk.

Yoo Joonghyuk had become transcendent and was on a completely different
dimension compared to Peace Land. No matter how great the story, it was
impossible with just a shadow.

It wouldn't be easy to overcome a transcendent unless one part of the body
descended, but my mother didn't have enough probability remaining.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is gulping.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is paying attention to
your choice.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is observing your atrocious
acts.\]

I left my party members and headed towards my mother. "Stop trying."

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is shaking faintly.\]

"Why are you stopping me?"

My mother's face didn't look good, despite it being barely visible through the
shadow of the constellation. Only her eyes and mouth were barely revealed. It
was a distance that could be crossed, but I could never reach her. It was the
same in prison and even now. This had become our distance.

She told me, "If I talk... you won't listen..."

This person, why was she going so far? Why did she keep doing this despite her
bloody body?

My companions were watching me. Their eyes were asking me to make the right
choice. I sighed and opened my mouth. "Just once. I will listen just once, so
tell me."

I was surprised by the words that came out of my mouth.

"Tell me the story properly."

I didn't know I could say this. I squeezed out these words even though I
didn't know if I was sincere or not.

My mother's eyes shook.

"How long can you stay like this? Don't keep it to yourself and tell me. Why
are you blocking me? Mother, why did you come all the way here? Anything,
saying anything is fine\!"

"If I say it..."

I saw the eyes that seemed like they would cry and realized all the stories so
far had been connected.

I was her child, so I knew. The reason my mother blocked me was related to why
my mother wrote the essay.

I would be hurt. I would break. My previous life might be ruined.

"Tell me." I had long thought about it. Perhaps it was the story I had already
predicted.

There were so many hints from the constellations that it would be odd if I
didn't know. Nevertheless, I wanted to hear the story directly from my
mother's mouth.

It might completely change my life but I had to listen, even if the wall shook
again. It was because it was my story. Some stories couldn't be understood if
I missed a page.

Soon, my mother's lips opened. However, in this damn scenario, it wasn't a
story just involving mother and son.

\[The nebula 'Vedas' is looking at your fate.\]

\[The nebula 'Olympus' is looking at your fate.\]

\[The nebula 'Papyrus' is looking at your fate.\]

A new drama wasn't allowed for us.

The nebulae's messages popped up and intense sparks filled the air. My mother
grabbed her head with both hands and started to scream.

I yelled and ran towards her. The moment my outstretched hand was about to
reach my mother, the shadow of Founder's Mother caught me.

\[Constellation Kim Dokja. You... can't pass here.\]

There was a crack on the Eight Beaded Bell and black, muddy waves overflowed.
There was a fierce sound like the sky was being ripped apart, and a vortex
appeared in the sky. A portal was opening at the center of the vortex.

\[The Great Hole.\]

The excessive probability had summoned a being who would destroy everything.

"Everyone, don't look at it\! Close your eyes\!"

I shouted the moment I discovered the tentacles coming from the Hall. I didn't
know about Yoo Joonghyuk, who was a transcendent, but ordinary incarnations
would collapse just from seeing such an existence.

"...An outer god"

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened. We were convinced when we saw the
tentacles coming from the Great Hole.

This was an outer god. A god who was called due to the sacrifice of Founder's
Mother.

Thunder fell from the crack in the sky while the distorted time and space
screamed painfully.

It was similar but different to when that guy was summoned on Peace Land. The
one being summoned now was the true body of an outer god

Based on this scale, at least one-third of the true body would be summoned.
The true body of a god. The shadow couldn't even be compared to it.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! If we don't stop it now"

"It is too late. It isn't a level I can stop."

My body was trembling just looking at the sky. I could see it with the status
of a constellation.

\[The Fourth Wall is strongly activated\!\]

My trembling subsided a bit by Fourth Wall but the fear didn't change. The
existence beyond that Great Hole was something that couldn't be beaten even if
the present Yoo Joonghyuk and I combined strength.

In the midst of this helplessness, I realized something. Now it wasn't a fight
for incarnations.

"Kuaaaaah\!"

Some of the incarnations with historical-grade constellations shed blood and
died the moment they saw this existence. Yoo Joonghyuk and I protected the
party members and retreated. Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were becoming darker. I
spoke in resistance,

"Don't worry. The constellations won't stay quiet once this type of guy
descends."

It was shown at the constellation banquet that the constellations and the
outer gods didn't have a good relationship. In a situation where the god
descended, no other constellations would intervene.

The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal, Uriel and the slightly reliable black flame
dragon...

However, the constellations showed no response to the true body of the god
passing through.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke through gritted teeth. "...I don't know how they can be
ignorant."

It was a confusing situation for me as well. This was the descent of an outer
god. Why wasn't anyone coming to help us?

\[Some constellations are astonished by the coming of the outer god\!\]

\[Many constellations are complaining about the tyranny of some nebulae.

...What?

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is showing hostility to
the nebula Papyrus.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is baring his fangs to the
nebula 'Vedas'.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' resents the atrocious acts of
the nebula Olympus\!\]

Now I realized. I see. This damn situation.

\[All constellation on the Korean Peninsula are wondering which nebula you
will choose.\]

This was all happening because of me. The messages popped up in turn.

\[A number of nebulae want you to inherit their stories.\]

\[If you inherit a story, your existence will be forcibly bound to the
nebula.\]

.

.

\[The nebula Olympus wants you to inherit Carnival of Lightning.\]

\[The nebula Olympus wants you to inherit Thunder Guide.\]

\[The nebula Papyrus wants you to inherit 'Master of the Typhoon Wolf'.\]

.

.

\[The nebulae are offering you a final choice.\]

\[All the constellations on the Korean Peninsula are watching your choice.\]

I laughed. This was why I didn't like the constellations.

Carnival of Lightning.

Thunder Guide.

Master of the Typhoon Wolf.

They were all stories of constellations with histories of killing their own
relatives.

At the same time, each nebula had a powerful story. Perhaps if I succeeded
their stories, I would be able to repel the outer god. Then my mother would
die here.

Yoo Joonghyuk was watching me. His eyes asked what I was going to do. I said
to him, "...Yoo Joonghyuk. Do you remember the nebula we made? Kim Dokja's
Company."

It wasn't simply to save my mother. Everything would end if I belonged to a
nebula.

There was no way I could overcome the unfair contract with them and I would
never be able to reach the end of the story.

"...You still want to use that name." Yoo Joonghyuk frowned as he moved close to
me and pulled out a sword. "I will choose the name of the nebula."

I smiled at the thought that Yoo Joonghyuk was joking. The energy of
transcendence could be felt by my side. It was strangely relieving despite the
presence of a person who had long surpassed my scale.

It might be because I felt like we were standing on the same horizon for the
first time since the scenario began.

I declared towards the stars in the night sky. "I won't bow to your fate."

I pointed my sword towards those silent gazes.

"I will decide my story."

Then I heard a laugh come from somewhere. Along with the laughing sound, I
heard a whisper from the universe that seemed to be mocking these
insignificant worms.

Unfortunate constellation.

You who killed your father with your own hands.

You who will destroy your mother.

You who will see the downfall of your precious things.

I stared at the outer god. If he finished his descent, the second floor of
Dark Castle would be completely erased.

It was a different situation from Peace Land. There was no place to go if a
crisis happened here. However...

Inside me was a constellation who was as weary of the word 'fate' as I was.

\[A few hundred years have passed and things haven't changed. Damn son of a
bitch.\]

Cheok Jungyeong's presence inside me started to be released. I didn't know if
it was possible for Cheok Jungyeong to cope with the god from another world.
Still, I had no choice but to believe in him.

Cheok Jungyeong shouted towards Founder's Mother, who was half eaten by the
god from another world.

\[Founder's Mother\! Why did you make a deal with the outer god?\]

It was a deep and resonant voice filled with anger.

\[Since when did Hongik become so cheap?\]

Surprisingly, the Founder's Mother replied.

\[I didn't make a deal... with the outer god.\]

\[Then what is this situation?\]

\[I'm sorry. There was no... other way. To protect the... scenarios of the Korean
peninsula. This incarnation... should be here. That man shouldn't return to the
Korean Peninsula. Otherwise, the other nebulae...\]

\[Did you make a deal with the nebulae?\] Cheok Jungyeong exclaimed. \[Are you
still so obsessed with that little land that you are now betraying your
descendants?\]

\[You don't know. You...\]

\[What the hell is this? Where is the creation god? Why is he invisible when
something like this is happening?\]

\[The creation god...\]

However, the words of Founder's Mother didn't finish. The next moment, I felt
Cheok Jungyeong looking towards the sky.

\[Don't tell me...?\]

The night sky sent an indirect message before answering.

\[The nebulae declares that anyone who helps Goryeo's First Sword will be
regarded as their enemy in the future.\]

Then like magic, the indirect messages in the night sky became calm.

I heard the voices of the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal and Uriel, but they
seemed unable to intervene due to their own interests or special reasons.

Cheok Jungyeong gazed at the night sky through my eyes. I could feel the
explosive emotions mixed in the silence. Cheok Jungyeong's rage and sadness.
His grief... And... his decision.

\[You can feel proud.\]

Cheok Jungyeong spoke to me.

\[Those who are at the highest point in this damn world are afraid of you.\]

"...What is pride worth when I am going to die?"

\[You won't die.\]

They were just words, but they were words spoken by a constellation.

As if putting a buoy against fate, all the stories built by Cheok Jungyeong
were rooted in my existence.

\[I won't let you die.\]


