### Chapter 303: Ep. 57 - Glorious Return, IV

The texture of the hand was like a feather on my head. Something hard deep
inside my heart crumpled. Perhaps she recognized me.

She looked up and Shin Yoosung's clear eyes could be seen. "...Ahjussi?"

  

* * *

  

After a while, I was flying in the air on the chimera dragon. To be exact, it
wasn't just me but the other returnees who had a similar appearance. Four on
the legs, two on the wings, three on the tail and... me. A total of 10 returnees
rode the dragon and flew to Seoul.

I spoke to encourage the returnees who had motion sickness. "Seoul is a little
bit further. Have strength, everybody."

"Ugh, I could've run faster..." Flying Fox grumbled.

"It's safer to go by air. There might be unknown risks."

"Well... I guess if Brother is saying this. By the way, is that Brother's
child?"

He seemed to be asking about Shin Yoosung and I nodded. "Yes, well... it is
similar."

She was my incarnation and it was true that she was special like my child.

"...Huh, you must've had a hard time at a young age. What about your wife?"

I wasn't married in the first place. Somehow, he understood my silence and
Flying Fox looked at me with sympathetic eyes. I turned my head and other
returnees had a similar expression.

"Tsk tsk, too bad..."

"Well, let's do out best now. After this scenario, we can meet our families."

"Brother\! Have strength\!"

These sentiments were best directed for the returnees who had family or
lovers. In any case, things were going better than I expected. Rather...

"What are you so nervous about? Can't you listen quietly?"

At Lee Jihye's words, the returnees all shut their mouths. As if she still
couldn't believe it, Lee Jihye glanced at me and told Shin Yoosung, "It will
be your fault if things go wrong. Don't you know?"

Shin Yoosung nodded.

A few dozen minutes ago, Shin Yoosung had declared to Lee Jihye and Lee
Gilyoung. "I think the squid is Dokja ahjussi."

Lee Jihye, who cut my hair, had a wide open mouth while Lee Gilyoung, who
wanted to cut my leg, stiffened. Needless to say, the reactions of the two
people seemed the same.

"...This is Dokja ahjussi?"

"Hyung can't be a squid, you idiot\!"

Shin Yoosung cried out, "Really\! It is really Dokja ahjussi\!"

We had been flying for dozens of minutes but the argument was still
continuing.

"You are sick again... Gilyoung, how many times is it now?"

"Five to six times."

A breeze blew against our faces. Shin Yoosung sat beside me and sighed like
she was upset.

"Ahjussi..."

\[The demon king 'Demon King of Salvation' is proving his existence.\]

\[The indirect message is distorted by the scenario penalty.\]

\[The Ugly Squid is waving his own suckers.\]

Shin Yoosung nodded and exclaimed triumphantly. "Look\! It really is
ahjussi\!"

Thank you. I was grateful but I didn't know why it was so complicated.

Lee Jihye sighed, "What will you do if he isn't Dokja ahjussi?"

"That..."

"Bringing all these disasters to Seoul, what if something goes wrong?"

"Even if it isn't Dokja ahjussi..."

Shin Yoosung bit her lip before saying. "Sangah unni told me. There might be
disasters who aren't enemies."

"...There has never been a case so far."

"This might be the first time."

Fortunately, Yoo Sangah had communicated my words to the party members. In the
45th scenarios, returnees turned into disasters and some of them weren't
enemies.

"The level of Sangah unni's Interpreter skill is high. Maybe we can
communicate this time. We have to try, even if things go wrong."

Little by little, hope emerged. In any case, I just needed to get to Seoul.
There was a moment of silence between the party members. For a while, there
was only the sound of wind blowing. I spoke to Shin Yoosung.

'Yoosung'.

\[Your language is distorted by the scenario penalty.\]

\[The Ugly Squid is attracting attention.\]

Shin Yoosung stared at me. "Yes, ahjussi."

'You don't have to convince people that I'm Kim Dokja'.

\[Your language is distorted by the scenario penalty.\]

\[The Ugly Squid is waving his ten legs.\]

"Huh? Ahjussi..."

I didn't answer. I didn't have the confidence to answer correctly.

\[The Ugly Squid has a gloomy expression.\]

I silently stared at Lee Jihye.

 It is a lie. It isn't possible. 

Lee Jihye's thoughts entered my head. From the moment I met the party members,
I activated Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.

 Dokja ahjussi... 

Some emotions weren't conveyed through language. There were fragmented
sentences and broken off words. Sometimes they couldn't be left that way
because I couldn't look properly.

My presence is an indelible wound on them. The sense of helplessness caused by
their companion dying in front of them. The despair of nothing being able to
do anything, only watch as someone sacrificed themselves.

A small keyring hanging from Lee Jihye's sword shook. I knew the identity of
this keyring. Lee Jihye had long been a scarred sword demon.

Lee Jihye smiled as if trying to hide her feelings. "Hey, take a good look.
This is the real Dokja ahjussi, right?"

"..."

Shin Yoosung didn't answer. Maybe she was feeling my emotions as well. This
was the relationship between a constellation and incarnation. We understood
more than was spoken.

Lee Jihye laughed mischievously. "Hey, why aren't you saying anything? Are you
not confident?"

"That isn't it..."

"I knew Shin Yoosung would do this again\!"

Lee Gilyoung interrupted. "Noona, she did this before\! She saw the frog and
said that Dokja ahjussi must've come back"

"I'll kill you..."

"Don't you remember? We were almost killed because of you."

Lee Jihye nodded. "...Certainly, that happened."

"There is a collection at your house. Frog Kim Dokja, Tentacled Disaster Kim
Dokja, Elephant Monster who Almost Became Kim Dokja..."

"Die..."

"By the way, can you give me Frog Kim Dokja?"

"This is really...\!"

The chimera dragon flapped its wings wildly and suddenly stopped in the air.

Lee Jihye screamed, "Waaah\! What's happening?"

A series of airships were blocking our way. It wasn't just one or two. A coin
flying boat that could only be purchased after the 40th scenario. The decks of
the ships had 'GG" written on the

...I think I knew their identity.

Busan Alliance, why did you come here?

A high-pressure voice was heard from an airship. Memories of the original
novel came to mind.

Lee Gilyoung grumbled, "Why can't we come?"

In the original novel, after the 25th scenario, the Korean Peninsula was
divided into several regional alliances such as the Busan Alliance, the Daegu
Alliance, the Seoul Alliance...

Most of the alliances were centered around incarnations with powerful sponsors
and if I remembered correctly, there was one such person in the Gyeonggi
region.

Disasters can't enter the Gyeonggi area. Leave the disasters behind right
now.

The Gyeonggi Alliance. It was called the Gyeonggi Alliance but most of the
members weren't from Gyeonggi. They were predators who only moved for the
benefits of the group. They were one of Yoo Joonghyuk's headaches in several
rounds. It was because the head of the alliance was one of the 10 Evils.

I will fire if you don't leave in five seconds. Five.

The troubled Lee Jihye rose from her seat. "Ah, I can't help fighting if you
come out like this."

In the original development, the present party members wouldn't be able to
deal with the Gyeonggi Alliance with an individual force. However, the third
round was a lot different from the original.

This Lee Jihye didn't survive because of luck. "I am the leader of the Busan
Alliance, Lee Jihye."

Blue flames soared from Lee Jihye's blade. I watched the spectacular wave of
magic power and was truly amazed.

Jihye, you really tried.

It was an ether blade. Lee Jihye was able to implement a technique that only
those in Murim could use.

Admiral\! This isn't the sea\! At least in the sky, our Gyeonggi Alliance...\!

"That remains to be seen."

Lee Jihye laughed and leapt forward with his blade pointed backwards.
Suddenly, there was an explosion from the other side of the airships. The
fleet was cut in half along with the soundwave. Lee Jihye stared at Lee
Gilyoung like she was dumbfounded.

"Is that Titano? Why are you intervening?"

"...My Titano is dead."

The chimera dragon hadn't moved yet so it wasn't done by Shin Yoosung. Less
than a minute later, all the alliance's airships were blown up. There was a
blazing inferno as someone jumped towards this side.

Lee Jihye raised her blade cautiously. Not long after, the wariness lightened.
It was because the person was known. The thoughtful Shin Yoosung yelled at Lee
Jihye, "Jihye unni\! Did you tell

Heewon-ssi already?"

"That... I texted her a while ago. I just didn't know if she would come this
soon..." Lee Jihye smiled apologetically.

"It is great that we're gathering after a long time\! That is either Dokja
ahjussi or a squid party. Heewon unni\!"

I gazed at the welcome face that was approaching and my heart ached.

If you were going to do this anyway, why have you been preparing us for the
past few days? Why give me these skills?

I told you how to deal with the Sasquatch in the 28th scenario.

I could see it the moment I saw Jung Heewon. She kept everything I said. Then
she became stronger than I expected.

Shit\! Don't talk nonsense\! I can't let you go\! Don't go alone again\!
Please\!

Jung Heewon dressed in a special suit emerged from the thick smoke and landed
on the chimera dragon's back. The Sword of Judgment emitted a light as it
cried out wildly. Jung Heewon glanced at the squid before asking, "Who is Kim
Dokja?"

The frightened returnees held their breaths in unison. Shin Yoosung realized
that something wasn't right and quickly came forward.

"I-I don't know who ahjussi is just yet. I just got the feeling of ahjussi..."

Jung Heewon laughed. "I see. Then you're going to see Sangah-ssi?"

"Yes, I wanted to go see Sangah unni and ask for her opinion..."

"There is no need. I can tell if he is Kim Dokja or not."

"Huh?"

\[The character 'Jung Heewon' is preparing to activate Judgment Time\!\]

"I'll see soon. If he is the real Dokja-ssi, the squid will survive." An
almost crazy magic power nestled in Jung Heewon's blade. "Or he will go to
hell at my hands."

It was a horrifying will-o'-the-wisp. Shin Yoosung realized that something was
wrong and shouted, "Ahjussi\! Run\!"

The moment the chimera dragon howled, I jumped down from its back with the
other returnees. There was a deafening collision as I used Way of the Wind and
pulled the returnees one by one.

In any case, the goal was around the corner. Once I arrived at Yeouido, I
could prove myself without fighting. The 10 returnees, including me, joined
hands and made a formation in the air. It was all prearranged in advance.

"Flying Fox\!"

"Leave it to me\!"

Flying Fox, the fastest man in Murim, started to make a rapid journey by
repeatedly stepping through the air. He used Walk on Snow with No Traces while
supported by the momentum created by Way of the Wind.

We rotated like a pinwheel and started to accelerate. We entered Seoul through
the sky and a system message was heard.

\[The 'target base' is very close.\]

I could see Yeouido in the distance. There was a huge monument I had to leave
a mark on.

At that moment, I felt time and space creaking. Strong alarm bells were
telling me that I shouldn't go to this place. It was an almost instinct-based
choice to change the course of the party.

Then by one hair's breadth a sword with a tremendous destructive force swept
through the sky. The black sword crushed the ceiling of the sky and
disappeared as cracks formed. It would've been a terrifying blow if I was hit.
As far as I knew, there was only one incarnation on the Korean Peninsula with
this technique.

I raised my head and met a cool gaze. As if the second hand stopped, time
flowed very slowly. A huge Black Heavenly Demon Sword was inserted into the
ground. The incarnation who was stronger than anyone I knew and with the
strongest determination was waiting for me.

"Yoo Joonghyuk."

Standing there was the supreme king of this world.


