### Chapter 499: Ep. 95 - Gaecheon/, III

We avoided the <Asgard>'s Constellations and ran in the complicated network of
the passageways.

\[Constellation, 'One Who Lost His Arm to the Wolf of Apocalypse', is sniffing
out the scent of blood.\]

\[The constellation 'God of Harp and Horn's' musical notes are hovering near
your ears.\]

\[Constellation, 'Progenitor of the Reincarnators', is tracing your soul\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of Abydos', declares that you won't get lucky the
second time\!\]

While some Constellations cheered us on through the channel, there were others
chasing us down through the view from the channel, too. These stars bared
their murderous intentions from beyond the tall walls of their own worldview
the moment our location had been revealed.

There was a reason why we hadn't been caught yet, and that would be because
our group consisted of us four.

"We should not go to the right. I'm getting a bad premonition from there."

We trusted in Anna Croft's hunch and changed our direction. She might be our
enemy, but in times like this, she also happened to be the most reliable ally,
as well.

Forks in the road continued to appear.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has begun its storytelling\!\]

"Odds of death going to the right, 92%. 44% to the left. Keep going forward\!"

Han Sooyoung shouted out while reading through countless cliches in her head.

"What are the odds of survival when going forward?"

"I don't know\!"

She shot me a glare and ran in front of us.

"Coming from above."

This hunch was coming from none other than the protagonist himself. Yoo
Joonghyuk continuously fired off \[Breaking the Sky Sword Aura\];
Constellations screamed as they were struck by the pre-emptive attacks and
collapsed on the passage's floor. I thought I could hear intermittent noises
of \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\] cutting down some things.

"Continue running."

I abruptly realized the reason why the four of us had been gathered like this.

These four were most likely to clear this scenario safely.

One of us was a prophet, the other one was a writer, and another one was a
regressor. As for the last person...

"Stop here."

My words caused the companions to stop immediately. All three of them were
looking at me; I glanced back at them and slowly approached the cabin before
us.

Anna Croft grabbed my shoulder. "...You aren't planning to enter this cabin, I
hope."

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't say anything.

I looked back at my companions and addressed them. "Passing through here is
the only way."

"Can't you see what's written on the door of that cabin??"

No, I could see it very well. And at the same time, I could also very well
sense the enormous Statuses of the Constellations right behind us, too.

<Olympus>.

In order to reach the location I want, we must cross <Olympus>'s worldview.

According to the Story left behind by Bihyung, we had no choice in the matter.
It was rather obvious that Zeus, having tasted humiliation outside, would
never let us pass.

"Odin behind, and Zeus in front," said Yoo Joonghyuk as he stepped forward.
"If we break through here, we'll have a method to fight against them?"

"Yes, definitely."

We sensed Odin's Status right behind us now.

Han Sooyoung shouted out. "Dammit, in that case, hurry up and open it\! Those
bastards are almost here\!"

We kicked the <Olympus>'s door down and jumped in. Felt as if something was
powerfully sucking us in, and when I regained my wits, we were busy walking in
the skies above <Olympus> itself.

The immense sky castle of <Olympus> could be seen in the distance.

\[Nebula, <Olympus>'s Constellations have confirmed the identities of the
intruders\!\]

The atmosphere grew stifling; thunderclouds gathered in no time at all and
covered up the sky.

\[Constellation, 'Throne of Lightning', is exercising his influence on the
entirety of <Olympus>\!\]

<Olympus>'s king was now waiting for us. As well as the 12 gods guarding his
sides, too.

\[Constellation, 'Almighty Sun', is mobilising his chariot\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Atrocious War God', is lifting his sword\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Pure Hunter of the Moonlight', is nocking an arrow\!\]

Below us on the ocean, we could see the mythical monsters waiting for us, too.

\[Constellation, 'Monster of the Labyrinth', is howling in your direction\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Fairy that Sings About Death', is singing about your
death\!\]

Everything in this worldview was our enemy.

Ku-rurururu\!

"Move\!\!"

My \[Way of the Wind\] and Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Air Walk\] activated
simultaneously.

Anna Croft's \[Way of the Storm Winds\] and Han Sooyoung's \[Dark Clouds Big
Dipper\] followed us right afterwards. We crossed the sky with the fastest
speed we could bring out.

Meanwhile, the thunderclouds took on an even more ominous vibe.

\[Demon King of Salvation\!\!\]

The 12 gods stuck very close to our rear.

Ares's greatsword sliced the air and descended upon us. I swung my Unbroken
Faith and blocked the attack just in time. Along with the noise of 'Kwa-du-
duk\!', it felt as if every joint in my body was collapsing; it was like being
crushed by a tank, actually. This was the true might of the 12 gods now
carrying their own worldview on their backs.

I unleashed Status from my entire body and spoke in true voice. \[Do not take
us lightly, Ares.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is screeching out\!\]

I wasn't sure about anyone else, but at the least, I'd not lose to Ares.
Because I already possessed a Story of winning against him.

\[Story, 'One Who Defeated the God of War', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Unfortunately, our situation had already run into serious problems.

The 'Pure Hunter of Moonlight' Artemis was pouncing on Han Sooyoung wrapped in
\[Black Flame\], while Yoo Joonghyuk flying in the air was already engaged in
an intense battle against 'Spokesperson of Justice and Wisdom' Athena.

Anna Croft, situated at the lowest place among us, was beset by <Olympus>'s
lower-ranked Constellations.

\[I used to cheer you on, Kim Dokja.\]

A voice came from behind me.

That was from the fastest Constellation in this sky. The motifs of wings could
be seen on his shoes.

\[Unfortunately, you shouldn't have come here.\]

It was the 'Master of Skywalk', Hermes.

He looked at me with a genuinely rueful expression and spoke. \[My father,
he's been truly angered.\]

And then, the thunderclouds glowing brightly until then finally exploded;
everything seemed to enter slow motion. It felt like the view of the sky was
melting down slowly.

The lightning seemed to blanket the entire world. None living within this
worldview would be able to dodge Zeus's wrath.

Han Sooyoung was looking in this direction, shouting something. I silently
mouthed the following to her.

'It's alright'.

I slowly sucked my breath in and focused my mind. Ares was smiling
triumphantly as if the battle had been decided already. I ignored him and
raised my sword up high like a lightning rod.

KWA-BOOM\!\!

The thunderclap of the sky gathered towards me. This Status threatened burst
all of my Story veins in one go. However, I endured it. More specifically, the
darkness wavering about near the tip of my hand was sucking in Zeus's
thunderbolt.

An indescribable scream exploded out from my mouth.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is growling\!\]

My vision was dyed in red, and Story began flooding out from my mouth.

Pah-chuchuchuchu...\!

Zeus then unleashed an even greater amount of Status.

I couldn't endure anymore. My powerless body began falling from the air.

And now, it's done.

\[This is the end, Demon King of Salvation. Even if it's you, in our
'worldview', you are-\!\]

My helplessly falling body after being struck by the thunderbolt suddenly
stopped in the air. The Unbroken Faith almost slipping out of my grasp was
gaining some strength. Next up, Ares's frozen-stiff expression could be seen.
The expression of the God of War, who'd never submit to fear, was filled with
emotions of terror.

Someone was holding Kim Dokja's sword together with him.

It was a very large and sturdy hand. A true voice akin to the noble night
being carved rang out vividly.

\[Why do you think this worldview is yours alone?\]

The gentle yet deep darkness embraced my falling body.

\[How boundlessly arrogant you are, Ares.\]

The night swallowing up the thunderbolt began spreading in the heavens.

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is incarnating into the 'Final
Ark'\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is incarnating into the 'Final
Ark'\!\]

Indeed, <Olympus>'s myths weren't Zeus's alone. The reason why their shining
daylight could become 'myths' in the first place was because the night existed
to call them the day.

\['Underworld' is manifesting onto the ground above\!\]

A world sleeping in the deepest part of the underground was now waking up.

\[Hades...\!\]

The King of Underworld set me down on the ground and spoke calmly towards the
sky. \[It's time to settle this, my ancient brothers.\]

Hades's scythe raised up to the sky screeched out, causing the darkness of the
underground to pour out towards the heavens like the waterfall flowing in
reverse.

It was the Underworld's army. When the Judges issued the order to advance, the
guardian of <Tartarus>'s underbelly, Cerberus, roared out viciously.

\[You lowly creatures from the underground dare to-\!\]

Heroes of this worldview crossed their swords. More heroes aboard the Argos
entered the battlefield next.

The great army belonging to Zeus and the 12 gods was truly immense. Judge
Aeacus collided against Hephaistus, while Cerberus and Minotaur began ripping
into each other.

Soldiers from the forest symbolising Artemis rushed in. The 'Wise Astrologer'
Chiron's hooves trampled on the Underworld's army.

\[No matter how deep your night is-\!\]

It was then, Chiron's head flew off into the sky.

Monsters crawling out from the underground used their huge fingers to rip off
his head and began chewing on it.

\[Ze-u-s-\!\!\]

Voices of unfathomable sorrow and resentment resounded out. I knew their
owners pretty well.

And so, <Olympus>'s final <Gigantomachia> began in this fashion.

The titans, Gigantes; every single titan, having spent all those sorrowful
years huddled underground, started revealing their figures under <Olympus>'s
night.

Not only that, monsters boasting physiques several times larger than these
Gigantes rose up as well. They were beings that I ran into some time ago back
in the <Underworld>'s prison.

\[All titans of purgatory are looking up at <Olympus>'s sky.\]

The three brothers of Hecatoncheires  the hundred-hander titan Briareus that
fought alongside me back in the <Gigantomachia> spoke to me.

\[We have finally come this far, child.\]

One of Briareus's hands lightly brushed past my head.

\[This battlefield is for you.\]

The titans challenging the heaven's authority stood up while stepping on the
night. Their roars shook the skies of <Olympus>, their Statuses mighty enough
to threaten Zeus's throne.

And in the center of this battlefield, Zeus was fighting fiercely against
Hades. The collision of these two Myth-grade Constellations caused the pitch-
black night and day to intermingle, and the world's time and space collapsed.

Persephone commanding the Underworld's army addressed me directly.

\[Now, go. Do not ever look back. Go, and witness the end you wish to see.\]

I nodded and raised my tottering body up. I swallowed the \[Life and Death
Pill\] Lee Seolhwa gave me, and all of my fried nerves began recovering bit by
bit. I unsteadily walked forward in the battlefield where flesh got torn apart
and blood was raining down.

Han Sooyoung and Yoo Joonghyuk, plus Anna Croft, stood there waiting for me,
having broken past this scene of pure pandemonium earlier.

Han Sooyoung ran up to me and supported my figure. I looked behind and saw the
corpses of heroes, their eyes still wide open; the stars that fell from the
skies; Stories that would not be told anymore, were now looking at me with
resentful eyes.

This was the path I had chosen.

I knew this would happen from the beginning. It was obvious that the
Underworld would make their move if I came here.

For the sake of  that I desired, I used all of their Stories.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is crying out\!\]

We could see the exit of <Olympus> in the distance. That was where we had to
go. However, there was a Constellation blocking our path.

I had to ask him why. "Dionysus, are you going to stop us?"

The 'God of Wine and Ecstasy', Dionysus leading his congregation was looking
straight back at me. He must've downed several bottles of booze already,
because his cheeks were quite obviously flushed red.

He stared at me with drunken, unfocused eyes, before opening his mouth while
gripping the wine bottle. \[All of you, step aside.\]

The words of the master prompted the Bacchus's fanatic believers to make way.
And we walked on that path. The Siren's song and Orpheus's musical performance
could be heard wafting in from somewhere. Also, I heard the sound of someone I
knew dying among them, too.

Kim Dokja didn't look back.

My view shook as if I was intoxicated, too.

Yet, we walked and walked some more. Eventually, we reached <Olympus>'s exit.

Dionysus was right behind us. If I look back, I should be able to see his
expression filled with sorrow. He was a Constellation who really liked our
story.

\[Kim Dokja. My <Olympus> has no place in the conclusion you're heading to,
right?\]

I couldn't reply.

"That's because I like your story."

The one who had been watching my Story for a very long time, and rescued me
many, many times in the past.

"Several Constellations including me believe that you're the one capable of
reaching ."

I was about to look back, but Dionysus spoke to me first.

\[It's been fun, oh the great, noble star.\]

I heard the sound of a world closing behind me.

My feet didn't want to move. I stood there for a long time without saying
anything, and eventually, someone addressed me.

"It's not over yet."

We began walking towards the darkness of the ark.

Our destination was right before us.


