### Chapter 240: Ep. 45 - Gourmet Association, IV

I looked back and saw a woman with a familiar face. "Selena Kim?"

"Please, please save Iris\!" The hand holding my shoulder was trembling. The
kind and calm Selena Kim was making this expression? "If this continues, Iris
will die...\!"

At this moment, scenes of Ways of Survival crossed my mind.

 "Anna, why did you do this... it didn't have to be this way\!"

"It is a necessary thing."

"No, it isn't. This... the incarnations don't know anything\! How can you do
this?"

"This is also to save humanity. Don't forget Selena. We were thrown into a
herd of predators that can eat us at any time." 

It didn't happen in this round. However, the original version had already been
revised. In other words, it wasn't unusual for the work of another round to
occur in this round. Moreover, the story of the third regression was deleted
in the first revision.

"Selena Kim. Please tell me exactly precisely. What happened?"

Before Selena Kim could speak, the voices of the angry constellations around
me were heard.

\[How dare an incarnation...\!\]

Fearsome gazes were pouring towards me and Selena Kim. Selena Kim stiffened
like a stone statue and turned pale. The Mass Production Maker raised his
status in order to protect me and sparks of probability appeared around Selena
Kim.

This 'central hall' was only for constellations. For a moment, I had forgotten
this was the Gourmet Association.

Selena Kim shut her mouth like a frightened goldfish and was dragged away by a
guide. Selena Kim was unable to rebel and stared at the stage with resentful
eyes.

I didn't know if the story that Selena Kim was about to tell me was the same
as Ways of Survival. Only one thing was certain. The reason why Selena Kim
came to me was involved with why Anna Croft was on the stage.

As I looked at the stage with troubled eyes, Anna Croft continued to talk with
blank eyes. "The story I'm going to tell you is the Bracelet Expedition."

The constellations made a fuss.

\[...The Bracelet Expedition?\]

"That's right."

\[Are you going to parody the first generation story, Evil Blight Bracelet?\]

Evil Blight Bracelet. It was mentioned in the original Ways of Survival and
was a story that was more of a classic than the Dragon Eating the Hammer or
Children of the Dawn Star. It was older than the first generation and was
closer to the zero generation.

The Bracelet Expedition was a typical expedition story where a group of 15
people went to burn a bracelet that was the source of a disaster.

The Mass Production Maker heard her words and muttered, \[Huh... she wants to
reproduce that boring story?\]

However, Anna Croft continued speaking without being concerned about the
reaction of the constellations. "I will introduce the Bracelet Expedition that
will lead this story."

Anna Croft clapped and a large panel appeared behind her. It was a huge panel
that covered the entire wall on one side of the hall. The panel showed a vast
forest where 15 incarnations were gathered.

...Where the hell is this place?

Are you sure Anna is right?

Everyone, wake up. If we play well, we can get the highest rank sponsors.

I seemed to know what they were talking about. Looking closer, the frightened
Iris was among them. That's right. This was why Selena Kim...

A system message soon emerged like it had already been approved by the
dokkaebis.

\[The sub scenario  Bracelet Expedition has begun.\]

\[This scenario can acquire new stories depending on the success or failure.\]

\* A total of 15 incarnations will participate in the scenario.

\* All incarnations must arrive at the volcano in the center of the hunting
ground through cooperation.

\* The expedition owns the Absolute Bracelet and the scenario is only
completed by throwing the bracelet into the volcano lava and destroying it.

\* Any incarnations who complete the scenario can make a wish to the Gourmet
Association.

The contents were just like the novel I knew. In the first place, the story of
the Evil Blight Bracelet was a homage to the novel...

The scenario message continued.

\* There are a large number of evil spirits in the hunting ground. The
scenario will fail if the expedition is destroyed by the evil spirits.

\* If the Absolute Bracelet isn't destroyed in the time limit, the scenario
will fail.

\[Hoh... you have prepared this scenario. Interesting.\]

Some of the constellations responded favourably. I considered it a poorly
designed scenario but there was a flavour in it that the constellations could
find. It was the replay of an old story. Anna Croft's aim was to ignite the
memories of the constellations of the Gourmet Association.

However, it was barely enough to satisfy the constellations of the Gourmet
Association.

\[...Still, something is lacking. What do you want us to do? Don't tell me it is
just to watch this boring game.\]

"As you can see from the panel, there are incarnations waiting for your
choice."

\[Are we supposed to be their 'sponsors?'\]

"Of course, you can make that choice but it won't be much fun."

\[That means...?\]

"The constellations can directly participate in this scenario and taste the
freshest incarnations."

Along with Anna Croft, additional scenario messages were printed.

\* A total of 15 evil spirits will appear in the scenario.

\* All constellations in the Gourmet Association can apply for the 'evil
spirit' role on a first come, first served basis.

I was appalled the moment I heard the scenario message. Anna Croft was aiming
at this from the beginning. It was a scenario that brought out the scent of
the first generation while solving the desires of the constellations.

The constellations became heated up. There was a sense of excitement different
from the previous bustle. Even the Mass Production Maker showed an interested
expression.

One of the constellations asked. \[What do you get from this scenario?\]

"Nothing. I just hope that all of you will enjoy it."

The shameless smile shook me. There was no way she didn't want anything. She
was just trying to raise her position by saying this.

\[Constellations of the Gourmet Association are showing favourability towards
incarnation 'Anna Croft'.\]

Anna Croft's plot surpassed the cruelty of the constellations. She didn't care
about what she sacrificed for her own purposes. She had stabbed Yoo Joonghyuk
in the back more than 10 times.

"Then I'll start the scenario in one minute. Constellations who want to apply,
please sign in the selection window."

At Anna Croft's words, a selection window appeared in front of my eyes.

\[Would you like to participate in this scenario?\]

\[Current number of applicants: 2/15\]

At the place where a story was being made, there was an opportunity to devour
the subjects of the story. The number of applicants was rapidly rising.

\[Current number of applicants: 5/15\]

I was once again reminded of why I came here. I had to make allies for the
Demon King Selection. In order to do this, it was better to participate in the
scenario. I would be able to become closer to them by sharing stories with
other constellations.

\[Hahaha, I will eat the artwork.\]

\[It isn't expected?\]

It might be time to admit it. I had become the 'constellation' I hated.

\[Current number of applicants: 9/15\]

Then I heard a 'baat' sound in my ears and a small panel popped up. It was
Biyoo's screen that only I could see.

I will start the 857th competition\!

It showed Yoo Joonghyuk attending the martial arts competition. Perhaps he had
become much stronger in the meantime because Yoo Joonghyuk was continuously
beating his opponents with the least movements possible. I stared at his calm
movements and thought as usual:

What would Yoo Joonghyuk do? At this moment, I seemed to meet Yoo Joonghyuk's
eyes. Of course, Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't know that I was watching. Even so, Yoo
Joonghyuk seemed to talk to me.

 "No matter how many times I return, my choice is the same." 

No, maybe he already told me. In fact, I saw him make the same choice many
times.

 "I will kill all of you, not leaving a single one." 

So far, I had always made a different choice from Yoo Joonghyuk. I wasn't Yoo
Joonghyuk. Amidst the strong backlash, I always walked on a different path.

Persephone was watching me from afar. She was waiting for something
interesting to happen. The constellation who lived for a long time knew where
the really interesting stories would start. Thus, she understood what I was
going to do from now on.

\[Current number of applicants: 14/15\]

I raised my hand towards the selection window.

  

* * *

  

Iris Vladimirovna Rebezova was born in Moscow. She grew up listening to
stories of revolution. Her favourite revolutionaries were Che Guevara and the
early Karl Marx.

However, the world she was born in wasn't the era of revolution. It was a
world dominated by desire and capital and determined by the owners of the
capital. Iris realized from a young age that there was no 'revolution' in this
era.

This was until the dokkaebis showed up.

Haha, this is an interesting place. A world in which plant fibers are king.

Iris saw the collapse of many nations and realized that the revolution she had
been waiting for had begun. The world, which had been a place of the haves and
have-nots, once again melted back into turbulent currents.

The revolution could happen. The world could be changed. The young Iris was
convinced of this, at least until today.

"Aaaack\!"

"Help me\! Please\!"

The upper body of an incarnation was completely separated.

\[It is very fresh meat.\]

The incarnations were torn apart by big teeth. The evil spirits wiped the
stories flowing from their lips and chuckled.

\[I'm disappointed. Is this the story you wanted me to eat?\]

\[Hasty friend. Please wait. The scenario has just begun.\]

\[How am I supposed to wait? This is a parody story...\]

"A-Ahh... ahhh..."

Her frightened companions urinated before the colossal 'status'. It was the
first time she thought that the word 'revolution' was so empty.

She couldn't resist. No one could stand up to such things.

"Iris\! Run away\! Run\!"

Iris had the cries of her colleagues and ran. The twin ponytails she was proud
of were messed up by blood and sweat but she didn't care. At the same time,
she had the screams of her colleagues scattered through the woods.

The footsteps of the evil spirits were coming closer. It was obvious what
would happen to her.

Run away? Damn, where could she escape to? In this small stage, where could
she flee? A vast array of trees surrounded her. No matter where she ran, she
couldn't leave this stage.

Iris cursed something that wasn't 'capital' for the first time. She cursed the
constellations. She cursed the Star Stream. She cursed this story.

Nevertheless, she still begged. Please, someone, change this story. Even a
very small salvation was okay, please. Please.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at you.\]

To her surprise, salvation faced her.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' wants to establish a 'Sponsor
Contract' with you.\]


