### Chapter 417: Ep. 79 - The Secretive Plotter, II

I took my time studying the person before my eyes. My heart rate sped up
greatly, and my breathing became ragged, as well. Something touched a box of
memories that shouldn't be touched, and words began leaking out from this box
buried deep within the recess of the darkness.

"Where is the Arondight? Are you the one hiding it?"

That was the first time I encountered that dude. While firmly holding me by my
collars, he asked me that question.

"If you're not planning to answer me, then I shall use force to find out."

The golden \[Sage's Eye\] gleaming brightly just like back then was right
there, waiting.

A migraine assaulted me, and my view distorted like that of an abstract
painting. The voice from the memories continued on in the meantime.

"That 'world' you've shown me, does it really exist?"

...

...

...

Applicable individual isn't a 'Character'.

There existed certain memories that should never be forgotten even if one
wanted to, and perhaps the memories of that regression turn were precisely
'that' for me.

I failed to save Yoo Joonghyuk of that turn. He left for the next turn, still
wearing the white coat.

I had never forgotten the sight of his back, surrounded by bright light and
leaving me and Han Sooyoung of the 1863rd turn behind in complete freedom.

"You are..."

For the longest time, I lost myself and stared at the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' sitting
on the throne. The scar on his sunken cheeks, those dark, deeply withdrawn
eyes  everything belonged to the 1863rd turn Yoo Joonghyuk that I remembered.

However, my shock didn't end there.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at you.\]

...The Secretive Plotter??

Only then did I finally discover the ominous, evil aura rising up from that
Yoo Joonghyuk's entire figure. This 'evil' was different from that of the
Demon Kings. No, this was Chaos that the <Star Stream> didn't recognise as
either 'Good' or 'Evil'.

I was about to say something, but then, something emitted bright light from
within my inner pocket.

\[Exclusive Attribute, 'Scenario Interpreter', is activating\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is reacting to your
Attribute.\]

As if it was waiting for this moment, the Story began telling its story. Two
Yoo Joonghyuks were in a certain place.

\[Go back. You can't save anyone.\]

"...The Secretive Plotter?"

As if they were stuck in fast-forward, scenes sped along in my mind. They were
fragmented information, sure, but still, they were also plenty enough for me
to figure out the current situation.

...So, that's what happened.

I began to gradually understand what was going on here.

Next up was the sight of Yoo Joonghyuk crashing, Lee Jihye catching him, and
finally, the Ark leaving the Isle. It seemed that the <Kim Dokja's Company>
had safely escaped from the 'Isle of Reincarnators'.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has stopped its storytelling.\]

I sighed softly under the breath and shifted my gaze over to the existence
atop the throne. The 'Secretive Plotter' looked down at me from his spot at
the same time.

\['The Fourth Wall' is strongly activating\!\]

My heart calmed down and my reasoning returned to me bit by bit. I sucked in a
couple of quick but deep breaths and opened my lips to speak. "If you were
planning to make me panic using that appearance, then well, congratulations,
you succeeded splendidly."

\[Have you not used polite speech towards me earlier?\]

"I'm merely treating you the way that fits with your choice to appear as Yoo
Joonghyuk."

I appeared completely unflustered by his aura, and as if he was amused by it,
the Plotter's lips twitched slightly. Not caring whether he did or not, I
simply continued on. "The 'Secretive Plotter'. I suggest we do the 'Three
Divine Questions and Answers'."

\[And why would I agree to do that?\]

"There's no way that you're the 1863rd turn Yoo Joonghyuk. It's impossible,
actually."

\[What makes you think that?\]

"You wish to know? As an aside, there are three reasons."

A faint flash of light flickered in the 'Secretive Plotter's eyes.

"So, are you interested or not?"

\[Although tempting, it's not a fair trade, is it.\]

The 'Secretive Plotter' stared at me with a pair of quiet, contemplative eyes.
He seemed to be thinking about something, and also, maybe a bit angry, as
well.

Just how long passed by like this? His left eyebrow quivered rather greatly. I
suddenly recalled a certain passage from the 'Ways of Survival' just then.

Whenever Yoo Joonghyuk makes a serious decision, his left eyebrow would
quiver.

The Secretive Plotter spoke. \[I'll put forth a condition.\]

"What kind?"

\[I'm sure you're curious as to why I brought you here.\]

I nodded my head. Of course I was curious.

\[However, you can't ask me about that. Because I can't tell you. Some answers
can only be resolved by you actively searching for the right question first.\]

"What kind of a Buddha-like utterance is that??"

\[I shall agree to the 'Three Divine Questions and Answers' now. You can ask
me about three things, but you can't ask me a question related to 'why you've
been brought to here'.\]

"Is that your condition?"

\[One other thing. When you're done with the Three Questions, you must figure
out the 'reason you had to be brought' here.\]

Now that was something I didn't expect at all and I momentarily panicked.
"What if I fail to do that?"

The 'Secretive Plotter' didn't reply. Instead, he raised his lengthy finger
and rested it on the armrest of his throne.

Just that simple action alone sent a chill down my spine.

Can I defeat him in my current condition?

I began inspecting all the Stories I possessed, from the legendary grade one
all the way to the Giant Stories...

"It'll be better for you to stop doing something foolish."

It was none other than the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[999\] standing next to
me who said that. I smirked and looked down at him. "Are you worried about
me?"

"It's annoying to remove a corpse, that's all."

"...What are you exactly, anyway?"

\[Are you using your allotted questions, then? Good.\]

"No, hang on a minu..."

Before I could finish my sentence, though, messages began floating up.

 Three Divine Questions and Answers has begun.

 Both sides can exchange three questions and three answers.

 Both sides can refuse to answer one question each.

 Questions and Answers will not end until both sides have asked a question
and answered it properly.

 You are now using your right to ask the first question.

I caught the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[666\] grinning slyly on the side.
Sons of bitches.

Still, now that things had ended up like this, I figured it'd not be so bad to
hear their story now.

\[They are my dependents.\]

"I hope you aren't planning to end your answer like that. I'd prefer for you
to be a bit more in-depth now that you're planning to tell me things anyway.
I'd be eternally grateful if you so graciously explain yourself properly on
what your definition of dependents are, whether it's something like \[Avatar\]
or if it's something similar to the dependents Demon Kings have."

I spoke as cautiously as possible to make sure that what I said didn't sound
like the second question. That prompted the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[777\]
to sigh in admiration and speak up. "He sure talks a lot, doesn't he."

"I wasn't talking to you."

\[They are beings that have received my memories.\]

 You have acquired the first answer.

"So, it's similar to the \[Avatar\] skill, then."

\[It's my turn. Tell me the first reason why I can't be the '1863rd turn Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

"If you were really Yoo Joonghyuk from the 1863rd turn, then there's no way
you'd be wearing that white coat."

\[...Why not?\]

"The Stigma 'Regression' only sends back one's soul. It doesn't send back the
items in your possession. The coat I gave to the 1863rd turn's Yoo Joonghyuk
was destroyed as he regressed. So, if you're really from the 1863rd turn, you
shouldn't be wearing that coat."

\[Interesting. However, this is merely an item I personally purchased.\]

"Yoo Joonghyuk doesn't wear the colour white often."

\[...Ask your second question.\]

 You are now using your right to ask the second question.

I didn't hesitate and spoke up. "My second question. Are you the '1863rd turn
Yoo Joonghyuk'?"

My question caused the Secretive Plotter's complexion to waver ever so
slightly. \[...Are you trying to mess with me?\]

"No, I'm being dead serious."

\[I am Yoo Joonghyuk who had experienced the 1863rd turn.\]

"In the past tense, is it."

\[I'm merely the 'Secretive Plotter' now, that's why.\]

 You have acquired the second answer.

Unless one placed a special condition, one had to speak only the truth during
the 'Three Divine Questions and Answers'. If one didn't, then one would be
swept up in the storm of Probability's aftermaths immediately.

However, I didn't spot any signs of the storm around the 'Secretive Plotter'.

\[Now, speak the second reason why I can't be the '1863rd turn's Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

"There are just too many inconsistencies for you to be the Yoo Joonghyuk from
the 1863rd turn."

\[What kind of inconsistencies?\]

"If you're really him from the 1863rd, then why did you send me over there to
kill yourself? Logically speaking, it doesn't make sense, does it?"

\[That's because that action would create me. It's a simple time paradox. I
was Yoo Joonghyuk from the 1863rd turn, and only by you killing me there would
I be reborn as the 'Secretive Plotter'.\]

"Sounds like you've been rehearsing that answer for a while there. It sounds
so natural, too. Even if I assume that you're being truthful, quite
unfortunately for you, you seemed less than satisfied after I succeeded in my
mission. Also, you looked quite surprised, too."

\[...Ask your next question.\]

"No, you go ahead first. I'll ask mine last."

The 'Secretive Plotter' stared at me for a little while before eventually
opening his lips. \[Fine. What is the final reason why I can't be 'Yoo
Joonghyuk from the 1863rd turn'?\]

"I have a special method to find that out. I possess a skill that allows me to
read the inner thoughts of the other party."

\[So?\]

"But then, the 1863rd turn's Yoo Joonghyuk became an existence that I can't
read anymore."

I clearly remembered the moment that Yoo Joonghyuk left for the next turn. The
moment when he broke free from being a 'Character', and even my exclusive
skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' could no longer read him.

\[Does that mean you can read my private thoughts?\]

"No, I can't read yours also."

\[Then, what?\]

"However, the reason why I can't is different."

\[Activation of the skill 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been
cancelled\!\]

\[Your degree of understanding on the applicable individual is simply far too
inadequate\!\]

\[Your degree of understanding simply can't catch up to the Status of the
applicable individual\!\]

I quietly looked up at the messages floating up in the air.

The 'Secretive Plotter' frowned deeply. \[I can't accept that as your reason.
You are...\]

"I'll ask my last question," said I, not giving him any chance to speak. "Back
in the planet where I used to live, there happened to be a novel called 'Three
Ways to Survive a Ruined World'."

Almost instantly, the surrounding atmosphere changed. The expression on the
Secretive Plotter's face sunk to its coldest yet. His eyes had become cold-
blooded, as if he'd murder me at any given second.

I desperately resisted that aura and continued on. This was one question that
I wanted to ask all along. "'Secretive Plotter'. Are you someone who knows the
epilogue of that novel?"

  

* * *

  

Yoo Joonghyuk had a dream.

It was a really old and worn-out dream.

For some reason, he was wearing a white coat inside it.

He held the \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] that fit him like a glove. While
gripping that weighty weapon, he was fighting against someone. When he took a
closer look, he realized that the person in front of his eyes possessed the
exact same countenance as he did.

It was another Yoo Joonghyuk, but wearing a black coat, instead.

He wasn't sure of why he had to experience such a dream.

'The 1863rd turn'.

Maybe, it was because he ended up running into that guy. That was probably why
he had to dream about something like this.

Yoo Joonghyuk gritted his teeth. The gap he felt between his and the
'Secretive Plotter's overwhelming Status the moment they clashed remained so
vividly etched in his mind even now.

Utterly disregarding his sentiments, though, the memories continued to slowly
seep into him. He had become the Yoo Joonghyuk from the 1863rd turn and was
swinging his sword around.

I'll die.

I'll regress.

Every time the swords collided, Yoo Joonghyuk felt the despair and loneliness
of the 1863rd turn. Strangely enough, everything felt so natural to him.

As if those emotions were his all along, since from a long time ago.

Stab\!

Finally, the two swords stabbed deeply into the two stomachs.

This story will come to an end here.

Even then, everything will start from the beginning once more.

Yoo Joonghyuk wearing the black coat scattered away first, and soon, even
himself began scattering as well. The memories dissipated, and the emotions he
barely managed to comprehend began abandoning him. He summoned up the last of
his remaining energy and looked behind.

His vision blurred and he couldn't see clearly what was there.

However, it felt as if he had seen a bright and pure star.

"I had grown curious of that world's ."

"For the next regression..."

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes shot open along with the loud noise of 'Beeeeep\!'

He panted heavily and spotted the white ceiling of the hospital room. And
then, also heard someone's voice, too.

"Finally, our slumbering prince of the forest has woken up."

He turned his head to the side to find Han Sooyoung and Jung Heewon. The
former bit and broke the lollipop before spitting out the stick and began
growling at him. "Time to tell us just what happened back there, Dear Good
Regressor, sir."


