### Chapter 451: Ep. 85 - The Final Wall, III

What the 'Secretive Plotter' said felt as hollow as words coming from someone
who had lost all meaning in his life.

I spoke up as if to rebel against that hollowness. "...Your life saved someone
else's."

To someone who had lost so much, the truth of saving a kid whom he didn't even
know the name of wouldn't be much of a consolation. The boy was someone
completely unrelated to him, after all. That boy was not his companion or his
family member.

I tried to open my lips several times, yet I still couldn't say anything else.
The life I lived was no help whatsoever in the quest to save this guy.

The 'Secretive Plotter' looked at me struggling and spoke. When I first saw
you, I believed that I needed to bring you under my wings.

Bring me under his wings. For some reason, I recalled the moments I first
encountered him.

<Sponsor Selection>

 Please select your Sponsor.

 The selected backer will become your dependable sponsor.

1\. Abyssal Black Flame Dragon

2\. Demon-like Judge of Fire

3\. Secretive Plotter

4\. Prisoner of the Golden Headband

...I remembered it.

That did happen. The 'Secretive Plotter' showed up during my first Sponsor
Selection as my third potential choice. He really did try to become my
Sponsor.

After that, I continued to observe this world-line. Sometimes, I was
surprised. I was just as surprised by the fact that I was surprised. Because I
hadn't been surprised by anything for a long time.

I knew that. During this world-line's story, he watched what we did and sent
various indirect messages. If I dug through the indirect message logs, I
should be able to read the ones he sent to me.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is intrigued by your choice.\]

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is impressed by the level of your
stupidity.\]

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is disappointed by your flippant
declaration.\]

\[Eyes of the Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', are sparkling after he heard
your plan.\]

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is curious about your scheme.\]

...

Those messages made the first actual face-to-face with him rather awkward for
me. I knew now that \[666\] and other Yoo Joonghyuks were responsible for
those indirect messages, but still...

I had to decide  whether to continue observing this distorted world, or to
destroy it.

"...Was that why you sent me to the 1863rd turn?"

The Plotter nodded his head. His choice led to the beginning of this 'world-
line'.

He continued on. It was roughly a similar reason why I gave this turn's Yoo
Joonghyuk the information on the 1863rd turn. I had a need to test you. To
find out whether you or this turn's Yoo Joonghyuk was the more suitable
candidate to witness the conclusion.

"Okay, so your choice was?"

The 'Secretive Plotter' didn't reply and simply stared at me, before opening
his mouth. There is a massive wall at the end of this world. It's the 'Final
Wall' that can only be opened when all the keys have been gathered together.

 You have acquired answers to all the questions.

 The 'Three Divine Questions and Answers' has ended.

I realized it then. That reply of his was the answer to my 'three questions'.

Sparks dancing around the 'Secretive Plotter' grew more vicious. Certain
information would require the consumption of a great deal of Probability just
by mentioning it. And if the info was related to the end of this world, then
it was only obvious that the Probability cost would be enormous, too.

The 'Final Wall'.

That was the 'Conclusion' the Secretive Plotter had encountered in his
epilogue.

The 'fragment' you possess is the last key that I've been searching for.

I got nervous and backed away. As I was in the shape of a \[Murim dumpling\],
it was pretty hard to take backward steps, but whatever the case might have
been, I simply had to create some distance between us.

If the Plotter's goal was \[The Fourth Wall\] in my possession, then he...

He, who was busy clenching and unfurling his fists, came across as rather
terrifying for some reason.

Other kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks were also looking up at the Plotter with tense
expressions.

Far too many things had to be distorted to create this world-line. I can't
decide whether leaving you alone is the right thing to do or not.

The distorted world-line. The broken Probability.

I heard about those two things lots of times already.

"Okay, so what? What do you want, then?"

I just threw out whatever came to my mind. The important thing was to buy
time. I needed to drag this out as long as possible and return to my original
body. That was important.

"I don't really get what you're trying to say here. I don't get all this
confusing mumbo-jumbo about the end result devouring the cause and whatnot.
However, regardless of what, my companions and I did our absolute best to come
this far. The conclusion is practically around the corner for us."

I could almost see it, the conclusion to this previously-unwritten story.

Seeing the conclusion is not everything. The truly important thing is to
witness the correct conclusion.

"Correct conclusion? Deciding that would be..."

A story with distorted Probability will always go on to create a calamity.

I became dazed from that declaration, something that only a Dokkaebi would
make.

"That's not like you. With something you haven't even seen yet..."

It was then an earthquake suddenly erupted out. Something collapsed with a
loud 'Thud\!\!'

The wine glass on the circular table tumbled over; the whole forest was
shaking around.

"...What's going on??"

This was definitely not a natural tremor.

The 'Secretive Plotter' slowly stood up from the throne and walked past me.
His empty eyes were now peering deeply at the wide view of the forest.

The N'Gai's Forest was enveloped in the violent conflagration.

His forest was burning up.

\[AhAhAhAhAhAh\]

\[SavemeSavemeSavemeSavemeSavemeSaveme\]

All those trees, so tall that they might pierce the heavens above, were now
burning away into ashes. 'Outer Gods' hidden within the forest screamed. The
hall's temperature rapidly shot up from the incredible power of the flames.
This couldn't have been a simple arson.

Even I could sense it.

Someone possessing incredible Status was attacking this place.

But, who could it be?

Something like this was impossible. This was the territory of none other than
the 'Secretive Plotter'. So, who would dare to invade this place, then?

Could it be one of the large Nebulas?

<Vedas>? <Olympus>? Or... <Asgard>?

I quickly went through the list of all the Constellations related to 'fire' in
my head. But I couldn't come up with any Modifiers.

This incredible flame that burned away the entirety of the expansive forest...
Could it be that there was another existence possessing this much power back
in the original story?

\[MykingMykingMykingMykingMyking\]

\[EscapeEscapeEscapeEscapeEscape\]

Small 'Outer Gods' quickly gathered around the Plotter. Many Outer Gods had
left him by now, but still, there were quite a lot that chose to remain. They
were like the citizens crowding around to protect their king, having sensed
the imminent fall of their kingdom.

The 'Secretive Plotter' looking at his subjects spoke to me. 'Demon King of
Salvation'. I too made a mistake like you once before.

His voice remained relaxed, even as he faced an urgent situation of his forest
burning away. As if, he had predicted all of this beforehand.

Rather foolishly, I tried to change what had already happened in the past.

"...What are you suddenly on about? Are you talking about the events of the 41st
turn?"

If that was the case, then I too knew what happened.

Yoo Joonghyuk from the 41st turn made a deal with the 'Devil of the Horizon'
and sent Shin Yoosung to the 3rd turn. As a consequence, she ended up becoming
the 3rd turn's calamity.

If the 'Secretive Plotter' was thinking about that particular 'calamity', then
I wanted to tell him that there was nothing to worry about.

Unfortunately, \[41\] next to me was shaking his head. "This isn't from my
regression turn."

"What? But then..."

\[41\] didn't reply and simply stared at the Plotter.

My head was in a mess. According to my knowledge, the only regression turn in
the 'Ways of Survival' where he interfered with the past that had already
happened was the 41st.

...But now, there was another turn besides that one?

When was that? Did it happen outside the original story?

A sun enveloped in pure flames was rising up high above the wide-open ceiling
of the hall. However, this sun belonged to neither Surya nor Apollo. And in
the center of this exploding sun, ominous-looking sunspots were growing
larger. No Constellations that I knew possessed a Sun that horrifying.

That was the power belonging to an existence I didn't know of.

\[999th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is sighing in lamentation at the Sun.\]

...999th turn??

Abruptly, I recalled something.

Yoo Joonghyuk from the 999th regression turn. I respect the life you led.
Excluding me, you were the only one who managed to get near the 'Conclusion'.

One of them was what the 'Secretive Plotter' had said, and...

"Even if I regress, this world will not vanish. Meaning, the world will not
reset just because I died."

...And, the other one was what Yoo Joonghyuk had said.

Even if he died, the world would not vanish. Even after he regressed, the
world would still remain.

What if it wasn't only the 'Secretive Plotter' who witnessed the Conclusion?

What if there was another story that didn't get a mention in the original
storyline?

What if there was another being who, even after Yoo Joonghyuk had died,
remained in that world and continued on through the scenarios? While fighting
over and over again...

The sun now enveloped in jet-black flames suddenly cracked like an eggshell
and blinding rays of light exploded out.

What if there was another being who reached the end of the world and
witnessed his or her 'Conclusion'?

The arsonist responsible for burning down the forest showed itself in the
center of the light. A silhouette simply too beautiful to labelled as a mere
arsonist wavered about.

Another existence possessing power equalling the 'Secretive Plotter'. Such an
existence was spreading out her purest-white wings right before my eyes.

The Plotter looked up at this creature and spoke.

The 'Living Flame'.

The 'Living Flame', he said.

There was such a name among the records written by the 'Recorder of Fear'.

The 'Living Flame' that rises up from the east.

One of the kings that ruled over the 'Outer Gods' alongside the 'Secretive
Plotter'.

The thing was, I never thought about who the other kings could be, or where
they might have come from.

What a stupid moron I was.

All the 'Outer Gods' were beings from the discarded regression turns from the
'Ways of Survival'. Since that was the case, I should've figured it out that
their kings would also be other beings from the 'Ways of Survival', too.

Ku-gugugugu\!

It felt as if my hands were trembling like crazy.

I didn't want to imagine the cause and effect. No, I didn't want to
acknowledge it. Right now, I didn't want to accept that a world as horrifying
as this one could actually exist.

With his trademark disinterested voice, the Plotter addressed me. Now do you
understand? This is the consequence of distorting the world-line.

As his words came to an end, a sword wrapped in the most brilliant, luminous
flames began pointing in our direction.

It was the sword of an Archangel that I was intimately familiar with.

Why didn't I know it? Maybe, I didn't want to know in the first place?

That these flames could be this hot and this merciless?

That the flames meant to burn demons could also burn other beings, too?

The sword \[Flames of Retribution\], now completely covered in \[Hellfire\],
was glowing brightly. The owner of the sword was smiling. And with an utterly
terrifying expression that I had never witnessed before, she opened her mouth
to speak.

I've been searching for you for a very long time, Yoo Joonghyuk from the
1863rd turn.

The eyes of the Archangel who judged everything now blazed in pitch-black
flames.

Oh, the Outer God who ruined my world.

It was Uriel.


