### Chapter 125: Ep. 24 - Things that Can Be Changed, V

Yamamoto was killed with only three bullets. White smoke emerged from Lee
Boksoon's fingertips like she was a Western cowboy. She was a really tough
grandmother.

\[A famous disaster has been killed.\]

\[The disaster called 'olonialist' has disappeared.\]

\[You have earned 5,000 coins.\]

\[Major contributor: Lee Boksoon, Kim Dokja.\]

It was regrettable that I didn't catch the snake but hunting the prime
minister wasn't a bad income. The absence of the prime minister in the
upcoming war would greatly undermine the advance of the Japanese army. The
compensation was also great.

\[Some constellations are against your excessive nationalistic sentiment.\]

There were many constellations complaining about my scenario but it couldn't
be helped. Nationalism on the Korean Peninsula gave coins. If I had to sell a
story then it was better to sell it at an expensive price.

\[Many constellations of the Korean Peninsula are cheering for your
reenactment.\]

\[10,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

Indeed, there were constellations who haven't forgotten the old days. The
confused Japanese incarnations ran towards Yamamoto but it was already too
late...

"P-Prime minister\!"

In the meantime, I ran towards Lee Boksoon who was a dozen meters away. Lee
Boksoon's body was rapidly shrinking.

\[The character 'Lee Boksoon' has completely abandoned her rights as a
disaster.\]

\[The dokkaebi of the Star Stream sees Lee Boksoon's behavior as taking action
against the scenario.\]

\[The small person transformation will begin.\]

Lee Boksoon had a tired expression but it seemed to be the aftereffect of
using Three Shots. The stigmas of certain constellations could cause severe
physical and mental damage to the person who used it. Thus, she was completely
exhausted the moment she used the stigma.

"Young man, give me a lift."

"Put on the clothes in my pocket first."

There were a few pieces of clothing I got in return for saving the small
people earlier. I put the grandmother in the left pocket of my coat and Lee
Jihye helped her dress.

\[Way of the Wind Lv. 8 has been activated.\]

The remaining time for Bookmark was 10 minutes. Now I had to get out of the
forest area in 10 minutes.

"The prime minister is dead\!"

"Stop them\!"

The Japanese people were angry.

\[You have received the second scenario penalty.\]

\[Hunt the 'small people' in 5 minutes. Otherwise the Star Stream will
determine that you have no intention to carry out the activities of a
disaster...\]

Damn. It was 5 minutes rather than 10 minutes. The time was too short.

"Take me with you\!"

The Japanese woman inside the cage that Yamamoto had dropped when he died
shouted.

"Please\! Please\!"

...Asuka Ren. I felt no hesitation. I intended to bring her with me in the first
place. I jumped forward like a gust of wind and placed her in my hand after
smashing her cage.

"Thank you\! Really..."

I skipped the greetings and tensed the muscles of both legs. "Hold on
tightly."

I used all of my magic power. The wind split apart and the fastest 'road'
appeared. The wind force around my legs captured the precise movements of my
muscles and created the optimum speed.

Colonization had disappeared and it was easier to run than before. However, my
stats were halved and the speed wasn't satisfactory. However, I could actually
reach this speed with a level 30 agility. Way of the Wind was a truly great
skill.

Asuka Ren told me, "You are really fast. This speed is as good as Karasu from
Japan."

"I'll be faster if I have more power."

"Do you know Karasu?"

"It is a classic monster from Japan."

I should be faster than Karasu-tengu with Way of the Wind but now wasn't the
time. Besides, I couldn't say that Way of the Wind was my skill. Bookmark had
a time limitation.

"Kill him\! In any case, we will just become smaller\!"

"We will take care of the smaller ones so kill him\!"

The Japanese didn't hesitate anymore.

"Get revenge for the prime minister\!"

A few swords narrowly missed my shoulder. It was dangerous but then the
terrain in front of me started to change. The surrounding trees wriggled and
took the shape of a forest path. The shape of the forest was changing.

I thought it was magic but Asuka Ren told me. "It is night. Look out\!"

I belatedly recalled a mention of it in Ways of Survival. The forest area of
Peace Land changed shape at night.

It was a type of labyrinth as the forest itself turned into the stomach of a
giant monster. Sticky digestive juices emerged wherever I walked. The reason
why the small people of Peace Land didn't enter this forest was because none
of them returned when it was night.

"Catch him\!"

"Aaaaack\!"

The forest transformation had begun and the Japanese people chasing me seemed
lost. Of course, the big disasters couldn't be digested by the forest but
there was enough time.

\[Hunt the 'small people' in 3 minutes.\]

I did my best but the maze-like forest area paralyzed my sense of direction.
There was no specific way to escape from the night forest in Ways of Survival.
Instead...

"This way\!"

It was written in Ways of Survival:

 The first person to be obtained in Peace Land is Asuka Ren. 

I followed Asuka Ren's directions.

"Run to the right at that tree\!"

"Japanese lady, do you know the way?"

Lee Boksoon asked in fluent Japanese and Asuka Ren replied hesitantly. "I know
this forest well."

"Huhu, is it a relevant skill?"

"...Yes."

I knew that Asuka Ren was lying. She couldn't navigate this forest because of
a path finding skill. Perhaps as far as Peace Land was concerned, she was as
much an expert in it as I was in Ways of Survival. Maybe this was why the
Japanese saved her.

I carried Asuka Ren and used Way of the Wind at its highest level. I ran
quickly but the time limit was faster.

\[Hunt the 'small people' in 1 minute.\]

A bit more, just a bit more.

"Catch him\!"

"We must catch him\!"

The number of Japanese people chasing me decreased sharply as the road twisted
several times.

"Almost there\!"

Finally, I reached the end of the forest zone.

\[You were unable to hunt the small people within the time limit.\]

\[The dokkaebis of the Star Stream have determined you won't carry out the
activities of a disaster.\]

\[You have been given a third scenario penalty.\]

\[The small person transformation will begin.\]

Damn.

"Get away from me\!"

My party members noticed something at my shout and removed themselves from my
body. It was like my body was being spun in a juicer. The power left my body
and there was the sound of thunder in my ears.

I blinked again and my line of sight was almost at the ground. This was how a
small person felt. Fortunately, the coat shrank with my body. I didn't lose
any items because I placed all of them in the subspace, including Unbroken
Faith. The problem was when I took them out again...

"Ahjussi, are you okay?"

I nodded towards my party members and spoke to Asuka Ren, who was watching me
from a distance. "Asuka Ren-ssi."

"...Did I introduce myself?"

"The other Japanese people told me your name. I would like to ask you to take
my party members to Veronica Castle."

Asuka's eyes grew bigger at my words. She wondered how I knew the name of a
place in Peace Land.

"There is no time to explain. Please. I will stop them here."

"I understand."

There was the sound of the Japanese people breathing in the distance. Three of
them managed to chase me to the end. They varied in height but all of a
sudden, they looked like monsters.

"Damn Josenjing\!"

If there was one person then the party members might somehow be able to beat
them after joining forces. But three of them...

There was no certainty that we could beat them, even if we use all our powers.
Lee Hyunsung said, "We can't leave you alone."

"You have to go so that all of you can live. I have a way to escape if I am
alone."

The Japanese people who had struggled through the labyrinth forest spat on the
ground and smiled cruelly at us.

"I'll trample on them like bugs."

I watched them approach and shouted, "Gilyoung\!"

Lee Gilyoung nodded with understanding. Small insects were flying towards this
side.

"I will see all of you later."

The insects started carrying the group members on their backs in ones or twos.
Based on the speed of the insects, quite some distance could be gained while I
buy time.

"Wait a minute\! Ahjussi\!" Shin Yoosung cried out as a samurai blade flew
towards me.

The blade stabbed into the ground next to me. There was a wave of magic power
and I reflexively rolled my body. It wouldn't be a big deal when I was a human
but now even the edge of the blade was dangerous for me. Maybe I would be
simply cut into two.

"Die\!"

I had a plan to catch the prime minister with Lee Boksoon but now I had no
specific measures. I could somehow buy time by running into the labyrinth
forest again or...

"I will kill him. Chase after the rest\!"

Two of the three Japanese people nodded and chased after the people on the
insects. I couldn't let that happen

\[The stigma Non-Violent Zone Lv.1 has been used\!\]

The Japanese people stopped.

"Damn, again...\!"

The stuck Japanese people looked back at me with irritation.

My magic power had been significantly reduced as a result of the small person
transformation and it took a considerable amount of magic power juts to block
the three of them. My head hurt and blood flowed from my nose.

\[The constellation 'Nation's Independence Activist' has blessed you.\]

Along with the message, the magic power required to use the stigma decreased
and my body became comfortable. I heard the voice of a constellation in my
head.

\[Child, this is the only time I will respond to a call.\]

"Thank you, Martyr."

\[History is recorded in order to not repeat mistakes. Make sure you don't
repeat the past for the sake of individual success.\]

The constellation seemed to notice that I used her for excessive directing. I
used Non-Violent Zone for violence and the constellation became angry. I
barely managed to nod and looked around nervously.

\[Non-Violent Zone has 30 seconds left.\]

Once Non-Violent Zone ended, I had to run to the forest area with all my
power.

The swords were filled with a tremendous magic power and were determined to
cut me in two. I might not die here but I would be seriously wounded if I made
a mistake.

15 seconds, 14 seconds, 13 seconds...

Then a questionable message was heard.

\[The constellation 'Defense Master' commiserates with your plight.\]

...Huh? The moment I heard the name of a familiar constellation, there was a
strange sound and explosive gunfire was heard.

\[The character 'Gong Pildu' has activated 'Armed Fortress Lv. 1\!\]

Dududududu\!


