### Chapter 372: Ep. 70 - A story that can't be shared, IV

As I slowly regained my consciousness, I decided to activate \[Omniscient
Reader's Viewpoint\].

Sooo, the method to clear the 'Middle Island No.4' is...

After managing to master the 'Story Control', Jung Heewon had finally entered
the Middle Island's scenario and began massacring other participants.

...I dunno. Well, if they come at me, I'll just kill them all.

Our general is also a Narrative-grade, you know? Don't you look down on us\!

Jung Heewon activated \[Hour of Judgement\], while Lee Jihye activated \[Demon
Slaying\] as they ran amok in their battlefield; around the same time, the
kids began clearing the Middle Island's scenario in their own clever way.

I've tamed the 'Invisible Wisp'. Let's steal that person's Modifier using
this guy.

But, we can just send insects over there, though?

What a crafty method of clearing the scenario. So much so that I didn't need
to help them out at all.

Keuh-euhk, keuheuk, groan...

Lee Hyunsung found himself alone on a different Middle Island and was being
severely beaten up by other Constellations and Incarnations. He was in a
foetal position while glaring at his enemies with sorrowful eyes, but then, he
suddenly roared out like a huge bear.

The one thing sadder then ending up all alone, is to get beaten up all by
yourself\!

Powerful rays of light exploded out from Lee Hyunsung's body, causing the
participants around him to explode en masse.

I was familiar with that technique. That was one of the special techniques
possessed by the 'Master of Steel', \[Impact Release\], that released all the
accumulated damage at once.

As expected, the folks from the original storyline were truly cheat
characters. In any case, I got to clearly see that Lee Hyunsung had become
stronger as well.

\[Character 'Jang Hayoung' has activated 'Breaking the Sky Force Punch'\!\]

As for Jang Hayoung, she was clearing the scenario while displaying
overwhelming strength. To me, she seemed to be on the path to truly becoming
the master of the 'wall' she possessed. Well, she was a talented person from
the get-go, and was also capable of absorbing the techniques of others rather
quickly, as well.

\['Unidentifiable Wall' is evolving\!\]

Her 'wall' had become far more stabilised compared to before. She could chat
to other Transcendents through her 'wall', and got to learn and understand
their abilities. In a way, one could say there were some similarities between
her method and me reading the book.

\['Unidentifiable Wall' has sensed your presence.\]

My view was instantly filled with white noise.

\['Unidentifiable Wall' is staring at 'The Fourth Wall'.\]

\['The Fourth Wall' is staring at 'Unidentifiable Wall'.\]

The moment these two walls stared at each other, my view suddenly grew fuzzy,
blurry.

\[...The end of the world-line is approaching.\]

As my view crumbled away, I could hear an unknown voice.

\[Kim Dokja, they shall come to find you.\]

  

* * *

  

Vrrr...

The moment I regained my consciousness, I felt my smartphone vibrate. I
switched the screen on without thinking too much about it, only to spot
today's date.

February 15th...

As we weren't on Earth, the local weather report didn't appear. All I could
confirm was the date. Even then, I couldn't say it was an accurate one,
either. The space-time indicator had long lost its meaning after I moved
around different dimensions willy-nilly, after all.

Everyone within <Star Stream> lived in a different time from the others. That
was the case, but now...

15th of February, is it?

I fell into a bit of thought regarding this date, before giving up and placed
the phone down. My head was in a disorganised mess, and almost every part of
my Incarnation Body was aching painfully, too.

I blinked several times while looking down at my upper torso to find bandages
tightly wrapped around my chest area.

...Where am I now?

The surroundings slowly filled my view. Firstly, the clean, white bedsheets,
followed by the elegant Oriental decor of the room I was in.

A certain someone leaning against the window and looking outside threw a
question at me. "You awake now?"

"You...?\!"

Her eyes arched in a mischievous manner. "Ahh, so this is how it feels like
coming back to life after dying."

"But, didn't you die..."

"I did?"

Seeing Han Sooyoung snicker like that, the inside of my head grew even more
complicated. I immediately recalled the sight just before blacking out; the
events of her dying at Yoo Joonghyuk's sword, me fighting against him, and
then, passing out from his attack, and finally, sharing a conversation with
Yoo Sangah inside the Library...

Han Sooyoung approached the bed before I noticed it and pinched my cheek. "In
any case, Kim Dokja. You can be really adorable sometimes."

Only then did I realize that she played me for a sucker. I took a closer look
and found a small IV needle stuck in her arm, too.

"...Where are we?"

"The waiting room of the Main Island. The place where that 'guy' and his
castle is."

It was then, I abruptly remembered something else.

\['Master of the Island' is calling out to Incarnation 'Yoo Sangah'.\]

Back then when that guy was taking Yoo Sangah away, there was another message
popping up in front of my eyes, as well.

\['Master of the Island' is inviting you.\]

The King of Reincarnators. The third protagonist of the book 'Three Ways to
Survive in a Ruined World' had summoned us to their territory.

"But, I'm pretty sure that I failed to clear the scenario? Don't I need to
clear the Middle Island's scenario in order to get here, so how..."

"Nope, you did clear it."

I quickly confirmed the message logs.

\[You have cleared Hidden Scenario  'Snatching Modifiers'\!\]

\[Reward handout is currently on standby.\]

It's true.

"But, how? I hadn't collected the syllable 'Vil', so how..."

Han Sooyoung wordlessly pointed at the necklace hanging around my neck.

\[Devil of Lust and Wrath\]

The completed necklace of Modifier was emitting a soft glow. Something like
this couldn't happen, though. One of the syllables should've been missing on
my necklace.

Han Sooyoung spoke. "Yoo Joonghyuk gave it to you before leaving, saying that
it's a leftover."

...Yoo Joonghyuk did?

But, why?

My thoughts were getting messy again. The things he said at the final moments
rang vividly in my head.

 Yoo Joonghyuk, a former Regressor.

Not the Regressor Yoo Joonghyuk, but a former Regressor.

What was he thinking about when he told me that?

"Where is he now?"

"The next scenario."

The sense of emptiness and relief brushed past me simultaneously when I heard
her. He again went ahead before everyone in order to clear the scenario.

"...Who was his target, anyway?"

"You just woke up, but you're already so full of questions. How annoying."

I sat on the bed, eyes blinking like an idiot. She pointed to my chest again.
Upon taking a closer look, there were two \[Modifier Necklaces\] hanging
around my neck. One of them was Asmodeus's Modifier, \[Devil of Lust and
Wrath\], while the other one was...

\[ of \]

The places where my Modifier should've been were replaced by empty holes,
instead.

"No way?"

"Yes, way."

Well, at least he did leave behind 'Of'. That son of a bitch.

"It's my turn to ask questions now. Is Yoo Sangah still inside you?"

"...King of Reincarnators already took her."

"...Did she say anything else before going?"

I unsteadily rose up from the bed and walked over to the window. While
standing next to Han Sooyoung, I stared at the unfolding cityscape.

Reincarnators were busy roaming the streets that possessed the unmistakable
ancient Chinese vibe. Beings from other worlds were here; beings that had
chosen to live a new life in this place, along with different names and
different faces.

"She said, let's meet again in the next life."

To me, it'd still be this life but to Yoo Sangah, it'd indeed be the next
life. She'd earn a new body, a new life, through the power of the 'King of
Reincarnators'.

She'd get to live a new life in this world, in other words.

Han Sooyoung and I stared at the streets below without saying anything. It was
as if we were searching for Yoo Sangah hiding somewhere within these nameless
streets.

Han Sooyoung abruptly opened her lips to speak. "It's snowing."

She was right; bits of snowflakes were descending from the sky.

Originally, this particular world didn't have any snow. Yet, it was doing
precisely that.

Snow fell like starlight. And beyond the tall skies where snowflakes continued
to fall, Constellations were watching my tale. No indirect messages reached
me, but I could still feel that they were looking at me. Probability they had
gathered bit by bit until now was scattering gently in the skies.

I turned my head to the side to find Han Sooyoung studying me. She grasped my
\[Modifier Necklace\] and grinned. "I guess you're no longer the \[Demon
King\] of \[Salvation\]. Shouldn't you get yourself a brand-new Modifier now?"

I began recalling the days I spent as 'Demon King of Salvation' while
listening to her talk.

It hadn't been that long, but those days were the most brilliant moments in my
life.

As my vision grew wetter and blurrier, I could see Han Sooyoung giggling away.

"Should I make one up for you, then? Mm... What will sound nice on you, I
wonder. How about 'I Pass Out Too Often-Man'? Or, 'Miraculous Piehole'... Eh?
H-hey, you are... crying?"

My face was reflected in her irises, her eyes widening in surprise.

Actually, I wanted to ask her, an author.

As she was a writer, maybe she'd be able to tell me straight.

Tell me that I did good until now  whether I made the wrong choices or not,
whether I would get to see the desired conclusion when I reach the end of this
story or not.

"Hey, why are you crying like that? I get it, okay? I get it, so stop. There,
there."

She must've thought up something, as she began rummaging through her pockets
next. Soon afterwards, something sweet and slightly sour entered my mouth.

"Why are you crying on a nice day like today? I mean, it's even snowing, too...
I promise to think up a nice Modifier later on, okay?" Said Han Sooyoung,
before avoiding my gaze to stare into the far-off distance.

Today was the 15th of February.

That's what the smartphone said. However, the time of this place and that of
Earth weren't the same, therefore this indicator was simply an 'error'. It was
a coincidental date, with no meaning behind it.

Even then, what if there was some kind of a miracle and this date was indeed
true?

Then, today would be my birthday.

Han Sooyoung rubbed her eyes as she spoke. "I want to see the others already."

I summoned up every ounce of my strength to make my reply. "...Yeah, me too."

As if those words became the signal...

\[Revised text has completed its update.\]

A gift sent by someone arrived at my doorstep.

 Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World \(Final Revision\).txt

  

* * *

  

Inside the scattering, falling snow, Yoo Joonghyuk was staring at the 'Castle
of Reincarnators'.

Most likely, Kim Dokja had regained his consciousness by now. And Yoo Sangah
would be in the middle of reincarnation, having met the 'Master of the Island'
already.

'...That woman'.

A deep frown crept up on Yoo Joonghyuk's face.

He'd never be able to forget the moment when his head rammed into that
mysterious wall a few days ago. He got to forcibly observe that wall's insides
amidst the horrifying storm of Probability sparks. And that was where he bore
witness to fragments of a tale he didn't know before.

Some of them were as per his expectations, while some of them were definitely
news to him. Some of them even took him completely by surprise, too.

It all happened for an instant, but he found the information he'd been
searching for from that wall, as well as the answers he wanted to find. And
now, he realized that it was time to put to practice the answers he found.

"Secretive Plotter."

He raised his head to greet the gaze of a certain scheming Constellation.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at you.\]

The 'Secretive Plotter', the Constellation that made its first appearance in
this regression. And, an unidentified existence whose information or evidence
couldn't be found in any of the 1863 worlds.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at you.\]

"Haven't I played along with your schemes long enough now? I'm sure that I
have the right to ask you a single question or two."

The 'Secretive Plotter' didn't reply for a brief moment. But then, a portion
of the skies suddenly became dyed in darkness, and a ray of black light fell
towards Yoo Joonghyuk.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

As the sparks from Probability crackled all around him, the space-time within
the near vicinity began distorting noticeably.

He was currently in the world ruled by the 'Master of the Island'; no top-
ranked Constellation would be able to exert that much Probability in this
place. Yet, the 'Secretive Plotter' was an existence who could do exactly
that.

A pitch-black shadow rose up within the darkness.

\[What are you curious about, oh, the puppet of the Oldest Dream?\]

"Why did you show me that book?"

The shadow of the 'Secretive Plotter' wavered about as if to mock him.

Yoo Joonghyuk continued with his questioning. "Did you want me to fall into
despair? You wanted me to kill Kim Dokja after reading that book?"

\[Maybe. Maybe not.\]

"Why did you plot something like that?"

\[You think you can understand it after hearing the answer?\]

Its arrogant voice was filled with the confidence of knowing that a lowly
being like him would never understand, even after hearing the truth.

Yoo Joonghyuk asked another question. "Why did you send Kim Dokja to the
1863rd turn? Why did you order him to kill 'me' there?"

\[Let's just say that such a scenario would've been fun to observe.\]

The shadow wavered around as if it was cackling.

Yoo Joonghyuk remained calm and spoke his piece. "All of your schemes were to
destroy Kim Dokja."

\[Why do you think that? Do you have any reasons to believe that's the case?\]

"Maybe I do. Maybe I do have a pretty good reason."

This Constellation, holding a mysterious animosity towards Kim Dokja, and at
the same time, didn't exist in the 'original work', just like him.

Yoo Joonghyuk had been chasing after this Constellation for a long time. And
he had finally reached the answer to his pursuit in this very moment.

"Secretive Plotter. Are you the 'Kim Dokja' from the future?"


