### Chapter 257: Ep. 45 - Entrance as a Character, III

"Things have been roughly sorted out."

I sighed with relief as I looked at Yoo Joonghyuk through the screen of the
channel. I was anxious about the bureau arriving but fortunately, Yoo
Joonghyuk was faster. It was a good choice to convey a message to Uriel
through Jang Hayoung.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is smiling brightly.\]

It was Uriel who took Yoo Joonghyuk to that place. Yoo Joonghyuk was angry
with me over the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint incident so I decided that
Uriel's words would have more influence on Yoo Joonghyuk.

Jang Hayoung watched Bihyung on the screen and muttered, "It is the first time
I've seen a dokkaebi so helpless."

"The racial stories are intertwined. In order to deal with a wenny person, a
great dokkaebi or at least four dokkaebis must appear."

"...You know it very well? Aileen said that everything about the dokkaebis and
wenny people was covered in a veil."

"This is basic information among the constellations."

Jang Hayoung stared at me with strangely respectful eyes after hearing my
words. Of course, not all constellations knew this information. The screen
showed a short close-up of Biyoo and Yoo Joonghyuk holding her.

 I will get revenge for you. 

 Goodbye, Captain. 

 Good job. 

 I'll leave it to you. 

 Rest. 

The sentences that only I could see were passing through my head. Now these
words had gone to the place they were meant to. I didn't know much about it
but one thing was certain.

At least now they understood each other without words. The things I couldn't
read had definitely touched them. I didn't know why but I felt lonely thinking
about it.

"...Kim Dokja?" Jang Hayoung was staring at me.

I scratched my head and quickly opened my mouth. "In any case, Yoo Joonghyuk
will do it somehow. This side must be ready..."

...Shit. Already? Jang Hayoung and I looked out the window of the office at the
same time. Clouds of sand were gathering beyond the walls of the industrial
complex. There was a commotion among the citizens. I could see Mark and the
other lawmakers calming them down.

\[Oh, there are some hot-tempered constellations. There are still 48 hours
until the Demon King Selection.\]

The familiar voice of a dokkaebi was heard in the air. High above the
industrial complex, Dokgak stared at me and laughed.

\[I was originally thinking the beginning should be more boring...\]

He was obviously smiling but his eyes were full of resentment against me. No
matter how much he disliked me, he couldn't start his own game within the
Demon King Selection story.

\[This time, it isn't bad to start early.\]

...What?

\[A new sub scenario has been acquired\!\]

\[The Sub Scenario'Skirmish' has started\!\]

I saw the emerging window and noticed how things were progressing. A sub
scenario. In the absence of Biyoo and Bihyung, this jerk...

\[Sub Scenario - Skirmish\]

Category: Sub

Difficulty: ???

Clear Conditions: Protect the 'Story Core' of the industrial complex for a
limited amount of time. Or steal it.

Time Limit: 48 hours.

Compensation: Attacking side qualification for the Demon King Selection

Defending side200,000 coins, ???

Failure: 

I frowned. It might be a sub scenario but opening a scenario in this way was
clearly out of the ordinary.

\[Some constellations are dissatisfied with the unfair process of Dokgak\!\]

\[Some constellations are requesting a 'probability conformity screening\!\]

Fortunately, I wasn't the only one to think so.

\[Ahh, I knew some of you would think so. Certainly, there is some unfairness.
The number of defenders and attackers aren't equal.\]

Dokgak was sneering at me. It was a smile that told me I could handle such a
scenario. It was an obvious provocation.

\[Thus, I have slightly adjusted the difficulty level. As far as this sub
scenario is concerned, the individual constellations of the attackers and
defenders will have equal levels.\]

The moment Dokgak spoke, a faint aura surrounded my incarnation bodies.

\[The stats of everyone participating in the scenario is fixed.\]

I slowly clenched my fists before opening them. The attacking constellations
would've received the same penalty. I couldn't see whether my stats had fallen
or increased.

\[Some constellations are still protesting that this scenario is against the
probability\!\]

Dokgak had a troubled expression.

\[Ahh, don't say that. This is really... you have all become weak. Have you
already forgotten that scenarios are fun because they're difficult?\]

The channel became a terrible mess with indirect messages supporting and
opposing it. In the meantime, Dokgak pushed ahead with the scenario.

\[You are currently the owner of the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex.\]

\[You are playing the role of 'defender' in the Skirmish.\]

\[You must protect the Story Core from the attacking constellations.\]

I smiled bitterly as I faced Dokgak. Yes, this was what he came up with.

"Kim Dokja, how..."

Rather than answering Jang Hayoung, I opened the wide and yelled towards the
citizens.

\[All citizens. This is the first time I am personally greeting you.\]

My true voice resonated through the industrial complex. I once again breathed
in and shouted, \[Please calm down and concentrate on my words.\]

The voice of the duke was heard for the first time and all the citizens looked
at me. Voices came from all over the place. "It is Kim Dokja\!"

"That person is the duke\!"

Unfortunately, I couldn't match their expectations.

\[I can't protect you.\]

Perhaps there had never been such a duke in the Demon Realm. In addition, I
hoped there wouldn't be any more in the future.

\[So don't die here like dogs and find your own way to live. I will personally
recommend the Yoo Joonghyuk Industrial Complex\!\]

I could see the mouths of the citizens dropping open at my absurd declaration.
Even Mark looked up in a bewildered manner from where he was calming the
citizens. Still, it couldn't be helped. This was the only way to save them.
There should be no unnecessary sacrifices in this scenario.

\[Do you want to free the citizens of your industrial complex?\]

"Free them."

\[All citizens of the industrial complex are freed from your influence.\]

\[The citizens of the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex have received the 'Escape
Scenario'.\]

\[The citizens of the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex can now choose an
industrial complex.\]

\[You have acquired a new legendary story\!\]

\[The story 'Liberator of the Industrial Complex' has been acquired.\]

Messages poured out and I left a final message.

\[Everyone, please leave. I will stop them until everyone leaves.\]

Bihyung might've argued against this if he was here but now he was lying in a
distant place.

\[The citizens of the industrial complex are giving a standing ovation for
your noble sacrifice.\]

Thanks but I wasn't planning a noble sacrifice. I focused on the energy coming
from beyond the barrier of the industrial complex. There were four huge energy
sources. At least four constellations were approaching.

"Jang Hayoung. Take Han Myungoh and the Breaking the Sky Master. Flee and
don't look back.

Never think about fighting them."

"What? I don't want to\!"

"I don't care if you want to\! Go directly to Yoo Joonghyuk. Quickly\!"

There were 'four' coming now but there would be more behind them. They weren't
something a transcendent dog, a human whose gender was ambiguous and a middle-
aged man who had been pregnant could face.

"I am one of them anyway."

I immediately ran downstairs and pulled out the Story Core of the Factory.

\[The Factory has stopped running.\]

The important thing was to protect this Story Core. I didn't have to stay in
the industrial complex to defend it. I opened Bookmark and used Way of the
Wind to climb onto the wall of the industrial complex.

\[Is this what you want?\]

The four approaching constellations listened to me.

\[If you want it then you'll have to take it away.\]

  

* * *

  

The fearsome constellations followed behind me. The reason I could flee was
because we had equal stats.

They were four and I was one. I didn't have much of a chance, regardless of
whether the constellations were high or low ranking.

I ran over barriers using Way of the Wind. The constellations confirmed I was
holding the Story Core and started to chase me. If they took me down here,
they could qualify to participate in the Demon King Selection. It wasn't
strange for them to go on a rampage like this.

Dokgak laughed at me. \[Hahaha, it is very easy to run away\! Constellations,
do you really want to stay on Bihyung's channel to watch such a person?\]

This son of a bitch... I wouldn't have suffered from this sub scenario if
Bihyung hadn't been distracted. However, I couldn't do anything because
Bihyung wasn't here.

"Requesting a rise in membership level of the Dokkaebi Bag."

I had already become a 'platinum' level which was an increase by two levels.
Still, platinum wasn't the highest rating.

\[The dokkaebi in charge is currently absent.\]

\[The status update will be automatically executed due to the dokkaebi's
absence.\]

\[500,000 coins have been consumed.\]

\[Congratulations\! You have become a diamond member of the Dokkaebi Bag\!\]

\[Due to the increase in membership level, the items list of the Dokkaebi Bag
will be updated.\]

The diamond members could purchase VIP exclusive items. If my memories were
correct, the 'items' would've been released by now.

\[You can see the list of exclusive VIP items.\]

If Bihyung was here, he would've hidden this list even if he died. It was
because Bihyung's black history was among the items on this list.

\* Random Story Box \(ver 1.3\)  20,000 C

\* Story Fusion Box \(ver 1.3\)  200,000 C

...It was as expected. These crazy coin items were being sold. Fortunately, the
updated version was the one I was looking for.

 "Shit, what are the odds... why didn't they publish the odds?" 

In the 71st round, Kim Namwoon bought this wrong thing and was ruined.

\[You have purchased ten Random Story Boxes.\]

\[You have purchased one Story Fusion Boxes.\]

\[400,000 coins have been consumed.\]

The Random Story Box was one of the few gambling items that consumed coins to
get 'stories'. Due to the description that the best quasi-myth-grade story
could be obtained, the incarnations and constellations ran towards this item
once it was released on the market.

Of course, it went without saying that they all became bankrupt. The result
was natural. The probability of getting a historical-grade story from the
Random Box was less than 0.001% and the odds of a quasi-myth story wasn't even
0.00001%. Then what about the remaining 99,99%?

 "Crazy\! 50 historical-grade stories? There is even the lowest-grade? Is
this a joke?" 

I grabbed a falling box and opened it with my mouth.

\[Do you want to use the Random Story Box?\]

I knew there was little chance of a good story coming out of this box. Then
why did I want this box? The story I wanted wasn't a good story.

.

.

\[The story 'Head Shoulder Knee Feet' has been acquired.\]

\[The story 'Don't Cut My Hair' has been acquired.\]

\[The story 'Nose Pendant Hanging from the Nose'.\]

\[The story 'Earring Hanging from the Ears'.\]

.

.

Indeed, it was as I saw in Ways of Survival. In the 1.3 version of the Story
Box, there was a more than 80% chance of stories regarding the 'body' coming
out. The most common of them was the Nose Pendant Hanging from the Nose and
Earring Hanging from the Ears.

From behind me, a serpent's fangs grazed my sides and thighs. It was an attack
containing the power of a story. I gritted my teeth and activated Way of the
Wind to the extreme, hiding behind the ruins of a building. I needed a bit
more time.

\[Wh...ere... are... you...\!\]

I ignored the ugly true voice and confirmed the stories I had just acquired.

\[Historical-grade Story: Nose Pendant Hanging from the Nose\]

Description: If you place anything on your nose, it will trigger an effect
that makes it look like an accessory. The item doesn't matter.

  

\[Historical-grade Story: Earring Hanging from the Ears\]

Description: It anything is hung on your ears, an effect that makes it look
like an earring will be activated. It is a story made in combination with Nose
Pendant Hanging from the Nose.

Needless to say, these stories weren't helpful when it came to breaking
through the current situation. However, it was different with the next item.

\[Item Information\]

Name: Story Fusion Box ver 1.3

Rating: 

Description: It can fuse together different types of stories. There is a very
low probability of randomly creating a higher-grade story.

An item that had a very low probability of generating a high-grade story when
mixing certain combinations of stories. Originally, this item wasn't very
useful. The same stories being put together produced different results every
time and the odds of getting a good story were ridiculously low.

Nevertheless, according to the characters' remarks, there was a bug in the 1.3
version of the fusion box.

 "The sale of the box was discontinued because of this. Shit, I should've
tried it before Anna Croft" 

There was a bug with the 1.3 version fo the Story Fusion Box. It was that when
mixing certain stories, the first person who did it must receive a 'certain
story'.

The two stories were poured into the box without hesitation and there was a
bright flash of light. A message entered my ears along with the throbbing
pain.

\[The legendary story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' has been acquired.\]


