### Chapter 495: Ep. 94 - Beginning of the end, III

"...Hyung, it says that the reward is the 'Final Wall'."

Lee Gilyoung catching up to us spoke in a puzzled voice. However, I too had no
idea about this.

The reward was the \[Final Wall\]...?

I wasn't sure of what that vague description could mean  was us reaching the
Final Wall the reward itself, or after the scenario ended, we'd be given the
ownership of the wall?

Besides, could someone even claim ownership of the concept of the Wall in the
first place?

Nothing was certain at the current juncture. But, it was a certainty that we'd
reach the truth of this world when this scenario comes to an end.

Please, go ahead.

Under the 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung's protection, the companions ran forward.
As for the Constellations trying to chase us down, the 'Secretive Plotter' and
the other Outer Gods blocked them.

The ark was right before us. Destroying it would take us to the end of all
scenarios.

\[Stop them-\!\!\]

Starlight descended from the night sky once more. It was shocking to see that
there were so many stars left still. It was also hard to tell just where these
Constellations had been hiding all this time.

\[It's the Outer God King\! Kill him\!\]

Constellations pointed their weapons at me and jumped in. Even though they
lived like puppets of large Nebulas and never truly cleared scenarios until
now, they still managed to acquire the qualifications to enter the 'Final
Scenario'.

Surprisingly enough, some of them were either former or the current
subscribers of my channel. Ones that donated something every now and then to
urge me on  ones that desired powerful sources of cider, and asked me for
more stimulating plot development.

And now, they were standing against me.

\[Kill him\!\]

A few of my companions seemed to be surprised by their hostility towards us.

Han Sooyoung couldn't hold it back in and opened her mouth. "You guys still
hadn't exited yet?"

What popped up in my head just then was the words the 'Mandala's Guardian'
said to me back in the Isle of Reincarnators.

No matter how shoddy a story is, an existence hearing and watching it for a
long time will grow to love it.

Back then, I didn't understand what he meant by that. I only thought that the
'Mandala's Guardian' saw the tragedy of the scenario called \[Great War of
Saints and Demons\] in such a light, that's all.

However, after I mulled over it some more, I realized that that statement
probably didn't only apply to the \[Great War\].

The Constellations originating from Japan and fought against us during \[Peace
Land\] were incarnating before our eyes one by one. I even saw the 'Eight
Pieces of Fire' Kagu-tsuchi and 'Controller of High and Low tides', the Water
Dragon Ryujin.

The one confronting them among our companions was the protector of the skies.

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye', is unleashing her Status\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is unleashing his Status\!\]

Along with the sensation of a boundless ocean spreading out, the surrounding
stage was submerged in abundant Status. The opponents may be Narrative-grade
Constellations, but the current Lee Jihye would never be pushed around by
them.

However, she didn't fire away and took a look in my direction instead.

"Ahjussi."

I too knew why she was hesitating like this.

\[Go\! If you can't be of any use, then go and blow yourselves up\!\]

Constellations were pushing the backs of the Incarnations forward. These
Incarnations from the Japanese side, their eyes blank, staggered towards us.

Just before we could unsheathe our weapons, someone cried out from a nearby
location.

"Everyone, please wake up\! Please, you must take a good look at who you're
trying to fight against\!"

That was a voice I definitely recognised.

"Izumi is dead, and Hiroshi also died. Just how many more must die before we
all wake up? Have you all forgotten the tragedy back in the \[Peace Land\]?"

It was Asuka Ren.

\[Incarnation, 'Asuka Ren', has become the 'Enemy of the Story'.\]

Surprisingly enough, she had already chosen to side with us.

\[Incarnation, 'Asuka Ren's', attribute, 'Mangaka' is activating\!\]

Her sword moved like a pen.

The moment her attribute came to life, Stories of not just me but the
surrounding 'Nameless Ones' began shifting. Our broken Stories, the scattered
phrases, were being woven into a single piece of footage.

When I thought about it, it wasn't just Han Sooyoung who possessed
'author'-type attributes. Although different in some ways, Asuka Ren's
attribute was also rather similar in other ways to hers.

"Please, stop this. You know who these people are. You yearned to be more like
these people, didn't you?"

That was the beginning.

Incarnations half-controlled by their sponsors were about to attack us, but
then, began dropping their weapons one by one. With terror-stricken
expressions, they either plopped down on the ground or cried out in sorrow.

"Can't... do this... I, I can't do this anymore..."

Incarnations knelt down and muttered out while holding their heads. Meanwhile,
the Constellations were exposed to danger in an instant after their puppets
stopped listening to their commands. They hurriedly shouted out.

\[G-get up\! Hurry\!\]

Incarnations understood the pain of fellow Incarnations very well. Meaning,
they were different from the Constellations that fell into the dime-a-dozen
villainous roles after carrying out the scenarios for far too long.

"Jihye-yah."

Even before I could finish, the turtle ship fired its cannons.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!

The group of the Constellations were swept away as the percussion noises
resounded out. Some managed to endure, though, and soon collided with my
companions.

\[Uwaaaah\!\!\]

A faint light leaked out from the hull of the ark.

We couldn't afford to let more Myth-grade Constellations wake up from their
slumber within the vessel.

Fortunately, our advancing speed was not slow at all. Yoo Joonghyuk's
\[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\] and Han Sooyoung's \[Black Flame\]
continued to assist me from the side and we made good headway.

If there was one thing tugging at my mind, it'd be the Probability.

Tsu-chuchuchu...

The Probability created out of the Coins donated by the Constellations...

I looked up to find Biyoo controlling the channel with a pained grimace on her
face. It hadn't been that long since she hatched as a Dokkaebi, so it was
taking a lot out of her to exchange that many Coins into Probability. Stories
began dripping out from her lips now.

"We're almost there\!"

The unexpected event happened at the same time as Han Sooyoung's voice
resounded out.

\[The Bureau is exercising the authority to restrict the channel BY-9158\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

At that moment, my heart grew cold.

Originally, individual channels belonged to each Dokkaebi. However, the system
called \[channel\] was a power founded upon the 'Giant Story' in the Bureau's
possession.

\[The Bureau is restricting the Coin donations to the channel BY-9158\!\]

Suddenly, my movements became sluggish. It was the same for my companions. The
tailwind pushing us from the back was swiftly changing into the headwind,
instead.

In the distance, I spotted the ten Great Dokkaebis raising their hands
together at the heavens.

"Those stinking sons of bitches...\!"

It seemed that Han Sooyoung had realized what was going on here.

\[Baaaaaaht\!\]

Biyoo let out a painful cry as if she got electrocuted and fell from the sky.
Yoo Sangah dashed out way before I could and carefully caught the small
falling figure.

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is protesting against the
cowardly action of the Bureau, and...\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is greatly enraged by the
unfair treatment from the Bureau, and...\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is shouting out "Those tty
Dokkaebi sons of bits should...\!\!"\]

...

Our channel was breaking down.

The Great Dokkaebi Garang spoke up. \[Your Story cannot be permitted. We
simply cannot present such a Story to the 'Oldest Dream'.\]

I failed to understand it. They had already become a part of the scenario, so
they would be met with an incredible storm of aftermath simply by trying to
exercise the Bureau's Giant Story.

\[Horong, Noksu, we shall remember your sacrifices.\]

Two Great Dokkaebis were being extinguished in the middle of the sky. Debris
of Story were falling off from Garang's figure, as well.

I felt a chill run down my whole body. Only now did I realize how determined
those damnable Great Dokkaebis were.

\[<Star Stream>'s Probability is going through another rapid change\!\]

The number of 'Nameless Ones' flooding the surroundings rapidly declined.
Their faces, back to their original selves through the grace of the
Probability, were reverting back to the heads of the monsters once more.

...Hounds are coming.

Along with the 'Secretive Plotter's' declaration, all the kings from the 999th
turns gathered in the center. Those needing to exhaust an inordinate amount of
Probability would invariably suffer greatly from the suspension of the
donation.

The 'hounds chasing after the abyss' appeared amidst the incoming storm of
aftermath and began biting into the kings' legs and arms.

Hey, it freaking hurts, you sons of bitches\!

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon roared out.

Meanwhile, Yoo Joonghyuk cut down the Constellations rushing in at us and
shouted out. "Kim Dokja\!"

I looked up to the sky. The atmosphere up there was suspicious. This change
wasn't as simple as a Myth-grade Constellation controlling the weather.
Something incredibly horrific that I had never experienced before was about to
unfold here.

\[Onsae, Heoche. Thank you for all your hard work until now.\]

Two more Great Dokkaebis were being extinguished now.

Great Dokkaebis were trying to end their story in this place.

Hair rose up on my arms. I had never felt fear on this level during my time
carrying out the scenario.

\[Oh, the 'Oldest Dream'\!\]

The sky was opening up. I took a closer look before realizing that it actually
wasn't the sky, but the wall  the \[Final Wall\] that surrounded the entire
universe.

And now, something was crossing over the gap in the Wall resembling a torn
page.

In that moment, Kim Dokja intuitively foresaw the destruction of this world.

My vocabulary was not good enough to adequately describe what that was. Just
what was that?

It was like seeing a shoddy doodling drawn by a child and his pencil. That
thing was at once a gigantic sword, maybe a spear, or maybe even a missile.

What I knew for certain, though, was that an unknown something was falling in
this direction.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu\!

For the briefest moment there, I thought I saw something like someone's 'hand'
within the gap where that formless mass fell out from.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is...\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is...\!\]

And now, only one thing was for certain  getting hit by that would kill us
all.

Kim Dokja unleashed all of his Status.

Every 'Giant Story' in my possession began their storytelling simultaneously.
I quickly looked back at my companions.

"Everyone, we...\!"

And right next second, my vision was dyed in pure white as a massive explosion
of Probability blew up before our eyes.

  

* * *

  

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

Bihyung quietly stared at the Great Dokkaebis melting into the scenario one by
one.

Storytellers were becoming a part of the last scenario. As he stood there
watching, both big and small lower-ranked Dokkaebis quickly rushed around him.

\[Bihyung-nim\! Just what is the meaning of...?\]

The Bureau that had been maintaining a neutral stance until now began changing
the entire aspect of the scenario through force.

As a consequence, the topography of the Bureau was changing. The storages that
contained Stories all broke down at the same time, and those infamous
Constellations currently under arrest by the Bureau's security force were
being freed as well.

Bihyung stared at a certain Constellation right in the middle of this chaotic
scene.

The fool who never thought of himself as the protagonist.

It had been the same story from the moment they first met. Even with a
physical stat totalling less than 10, this guy didn't cower against a Dokkaebi
like him. This guy, he often smiled to imply that he had plenty of leeway, and
often carelessly got himself killed, too.

The fool who knew the next part of the Story even better than himself, the
storyteller.

Thanks to this guy's Story, Bihyung got to grow his channel faster than
anyone, and got to enjoy favourable assessments every time ranking evaluation
came around.

His Story was now facing an end.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

Having become a Great Dokkaebi, Bihyung could now tell what that heaven-
splitting thing was. That thing had come from beyond the 'Wall'. That was the
fragment of immeasurable delusion flying in from beyond the Wall that divided
this world  the Wall that was both the First and the Final.

The ark could be seen now getting ready to soar. It seemed that the remaining
Great Dokkaebis were planning to board the ark and escape from here.

Meanwhile, this stage would be annihilated with the descent of that fragment.

In that moment, Dokkaebi Bihyung made up his mind.

The remaining Great Dokkaebis, gathered in one place to perform the ceremony,
realized Bihyung's intention and cried out. The first one to grab him was
Baram.

\[Bihyung\! What do you think you're doing?\!\]

Bihyung didn't reply and stared at the ground below. The ones he'd been
watching until now were down there.

Incarnations he sent his clone to speak with. And now, they were in the same
place as he was. Bihyung looked at his own hands. His palms that used to be so
small back then, were now as big as a grown adult male's.

\[I've been observing that Story for a very long time.\]

Their first encounter wasn't all that positive; one of them was the culprit
selling the tragedies called the scenarios, while the other had no choice but
to carry those scenarios out while risking his life.

That was why Bihyung had to make a move now.

He had to do this one thing, since he had opened this tragic stage with his
own two hands. This action had to be done if he wanted to remain as the
'storyteller' right until the end.

\[Baram. You told me that there will come a time for every Dokkaebi to choose
their own 'One Single Story'.\]

\[You must listen to me, Bihyung\! You're wrong this time\! That Story isn't
right\! That Story, it's...\]

Bihyung let go of Baram's hands and smiled.

He knew of a guy who always smirked just before dying. He couldn't understand
it before, but now he thought he could figure it out. That guy must've been
feeling this way, too.

\[It's likely that I have grown to love that story.\]

Bihyung then unleashed his own Status towards the Bureau's Great Dokkaebis.

Puh-gur-guhk\!

The horn of Garang, working as the representative of the Great Dokkaebis and
abusing the Bureau's powers of interference, broke off.

The Probability controlled by the Bureau scattered away in an instant and a
ripple effect suddenly occurred.

That storm of aftermaths came back to Bihyung in full. He turned around to
leave while vomiting out his Story that was changed to a pitch-black colour.

\[Bihyung\!\! You dare to...\!\!\]

More specifically, he stood in the way of the delusion's fragment falling
towards the ground.

All the Stories he had recorded until now began crying. Every Constellation
watching this storyteller added their own Probability to his action.

Bihyung began thinking as horrifying pain of the aftermath's storm tore into
his body. The protagonist of the Story he had been reading wouldn't welcome
his actions at all. Because that dude wanted to save everyone's life.

Even then, there was a certain rule that you couldn't go against.

There is no story where no one was sacrificed.

To protect the story, to guard the Probability, and to become the 'One Single
Story' reaching the Final Wall, this action had to be performed.

Dokkaebi Bihyung had finally decided on his full stop.

The 'Pah-su-sut' noise of something being pierced could be heard next.

He looked back and for a second there, he thought he saw Kim Dokja's face.

\[Your  is 'sacrifice'.\]


