### Chapter 492: Ep. 93 - Omniscient Author's Viewpoint, VI

The announcement of the paywall brought about a deep silence in the channel.

Only Han Sooyoung's heavy breathing could be heard within the pitch-black
darkness of the stage.

"If you wish to continue watching this tragedy..."

What <Kim Dokja's Company> lacked right now was 'Probability'.

Probability. The thing that made the story flow naturally and in a plausible
manner. The set of rules that could only be changed by the gazes of countless
Constellations, and the Coins they sponsored.

"...It's time you guys pay, too."

Only then did she figure out Kim Dokja's plan in its entirety. And because she
did, she could say this out aloud now.

Selling off the tragedy of his life lived solely for the purpose of saving his
companions, just like how his mother did once upon a time; Kim Dokja wanted to
change this scenario by selling the tragedy <Kim Dokja's Company> had created.

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are greatly shocked\!\]

Han Sooyoung's declaration caused the Constellations to grow hesitant.

She recalled the memories from back when her novel went behind the paywall for
the first time ever.

Author-nim, it'll start from tomorrow.

She felt the exact same emotion back then as today. The feeling of not knowing
what would happen in the future.

How many people would end up reading my writing?

How long would I be able to live on by selling off this story?

'You stinking Kim Dokja. So, you slapped me with this kind of role, is that
it??'

What she needed to do right now wasn't selling some novels.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', wishes to tell the next part of the
story\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth', wishes to tell the next part
of the story\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', wishes to tell the next part of
the story\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', wishes to tell the next part
of the story\!\]

...The words written by <Kim Dokja's Company>'s blood and tears.

What she needed to sell was their life story. Stories that she couldn't
carelessly change or tell in a jokey manner. Even then, she offered up these
Stories for sale to the Constellations.

Biyoo and her concerned eyes were looking at her from the sky. Han Sooyoung
smiled as if to say, don't worry.

"There's no one? That's too bad. Things are about to get really interesting
from now on."

Only she could do this job. Only Han Sooyoung, designated as the baddie among
<Kim Dokja's Company>, could sell this story.

As if to sympathise with her, the movements of the Outer God King was getting
duller. Maybe, he was wallowing in sorrow.

\[How laughable. Who do you think will be interested in your measly little
story?\]

The one to shatter this silence was the Myth-grade Constellation, Poseidon.
The figures of other Myth-grade Constellations could be seen in the distance
as well. They were all mocking Han Sooyoung.

\[Do you really believe that your 'Story' is worth that much?\]

It was the same with the Great Dokkaebis; they all seemed to be thinking that
Han Sooyoung's choice was an error in judgement, one made while under the
weight of the encroaching end.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Once the Constellations left, the channel's size shrunk down. Some channels
even tried to butt in using this opportunity. Channels that belonged to
Dokkaebis hostile towards <Kim Dokja's Company>.

\[Finish them.\]

Constellations manning their positions at the back made their moves. They were
mostly Myth-grade, or those top-ranked Narrative-grade Constellations that
almost equalled them in power.

\[Constellation, 'One Responsible for the Universe's Cycle', is surveying the
scenario's battlefield\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Mirror that Emits Smoke', is incarnating into the scenario's
battlefield\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of Thunder and War', is incarnating into the
scenario's battlefield\!\]

Indian myth's Brahma.

Aztec myth's Tezcatlipoca.

Even Slavic myth's Perun.

The Constellations from the different large-scale Nebulas that never showed
themselves in the lower scenarios until now  their movement alone was 'Story'
in itself.

And when the Giant Stories began their actions, the flow pressuring the
battlefield intensified even more.

Gah-aaaaaah, Puh-guh-guk\!\!

The 'Nameless Ones' desperately blocking the Constellations approaching Kim
Dokja were blown up indiscriminately.

Myth-grade Constellations possessed the largest shares of the 'Giant Story' of
each Nebula. Once they began moving their Probability, the balance of the
engagement tilted in their favour in an instant.

Han Sooyoung watched the incoming wave of the stars and muttered out. "Even in
places you didn't bother to look, we managed to eke out a living."

The screens might be blacked out, but the sounds still continued to be
transmitted. And probably, her voice was being heard by every Constellation in
the channel.

Han Sooyoung also knew. Not every Constellation liked them.

<Kim Dokja's Company> had a lot of enemies. Some cheered their Story on, but
some others either were jealous of them, or in some cases, even hated them. At
times, malice with no basis could be found, too.

However, there was one common denominator among that gamut of emotions. And
that was the fact that they had been watching a certain Story for a very long
time.

A story that you spent a very long time with will eventually become a part of
you.

Just like Kim Dokja and the 'Ways of Survival'.

"However, the moment you close your eyes, this story you've been watching will
end right here."

Her words didn't target any particular listener; meaning, it was a declaration
aimed at everyone.

Eventually, Constellations annihilated the front ranks of the 'Outer Gods' and
rushed in. The <Kim Dokja's Company>'s companions stepped up to block them.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!

A baptism of Status in the form of Poseidon's wave with Zeus's lightning added
on top, crashed in. Outer Gods burning away like meat being grilled by
electricity died in their droves. Even those from <Kim Dokja's Company>
wouldn't be able to receive that wave with their current body conditions. Even
then, Han Sooyoung believed in her companions.

"Even if I die, I will never stop moving."

Han Sooyoung fired \[Black Flame\] with every ounce of her energy. However,
its power was less than a quarter after being suppressed by the Probability.

And just as Poseidon's wave reached the front of their nose and began pouncing
on them...

For a very brief moment there, it felt as if the world came to a standstill.

Also, it felt like a fundamental something that created this world seemed to
have changed, as if a thin brush was painting over it. And then in the
following moment, the frozen world began moving forward again.

\[A fatal error has occurred in the Final Scenario\!\]

Poseidon's wave and Zeus's lightning pounced on her and <Kim Dokja's Company>.

Kwa-dudududu\!\!

More correctly, pounced on the protective barrier in front of them.

It was the sturdy, vast wall of forged steel. Which was Lee Hyunsung's Story.
His Story that blanketed the entire planet back in <Oz> was now protecting his
companions.

But, he should still be under the restrictions by the Bureau. So how could he?

"Sooyoung-ssi."

A terrifying amount of sparks was streaming all over Lee Hyunsung's body. But,
it wasn't only him. Everyone from <Kim Dokja's Company>, wasting away under
the Bureau's restrictions, were now enveloped in the dancing blue-hued sparks.
Their once-imprisoned muscles regained their freedom, and the arrested magical
energy was being freed as well.

\[The error in the channel's donation payout has been normalised.\]

The message entered their ears in the next moment.

\[Delayed donation amounts will now be paid out\!\]

Biyoo could be seen crying softly in the air next. At the same time, an
incredible amount of indirect messages smacked Han Sooyoung in her ear.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', happily donates half of the Coins
she owns\!\]

Just how much was the half of Coins amassed by a Constellation at the cusp of
reaching the Myth-grade? Han Sooyoung couldn't even estimate the amount.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is paying an incredible amount
of Coins while grumbling unhappily\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is...\]

So, so many stars began glowing brightly.

The Nebula's safe started filling up rapidly with wealth.

\[Nebula safe total balance: 83,112,540 C\]

\[Nebula safe total balance: 162,423,800 C\]

...

...

\[Nebula safe total balance: 1,041,512,080 C\]

The total Coins surpassed 100 million in no time, before breaking past a
billion mark.

That pretty much determined what Han Sooyoung should do next. Which was to
spend every single cent of that donated amount into the Probability.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!\!

"Everyone, hold on\!"

\[Constellation, 'Mass Production Maker', is grinning brightly.\]

\[Constellation, 'Mass Production Maker', has donated the number of Coins that
exceeds the upper donation limit\!\]

The geezer wearing the pineapple-themed T-shirt.

Back when Han Sooyoung went to shoot a commercial for the \[Ferrarghini\], she
had a chance to chat to him for a brief spell.

You really think such adverts will sell your car?

When Han Sooyoung asked, the Mass Production Maker replied in a somewhat
obtuse manner.

I'm not advertising to sell, but advertising the product about to be sold.

And now, she thought she could understand that answer just a bit.

\[Constellation, 'Joseon's Number One Sorcerer', is donating 5,000 Coins\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Meirangong Marquis Zhuangmou', is donating 5,100 Coins\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is donating everything in his
secret stash\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Mother of the Darkest Spring', is donating half of the
Underworld's balance\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Supreme God of Light', is donating 2,100,000 Coins\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius', is donating 1,500,000 Coins\!\]

Constellations of familiar Modifiers.

\[Constellation, 'Lame Trickster', is donating 15,000 Coins.\]

\[Constellation, 'Monarch of Small Fries', is donating 450,000 Coins.\]

\[Constellation, 'Adventurer that Stands up an Egg', is donating 18,000
Coins\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of the Niten Ichu-ryu', is donating 4,000 Coins\!\]

\[All the stars in the Big Dipper are donating 300,000 Coins\!\]

\[A small Constellation from a small planet is donating 300 Coins\!\]

Constellations that were familiar, but not counted on.

\[A great number of Constellations staying anonymous have added their strength
to the Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company>'s Probability\!\]

And finally, even the Constellations they didn't know.

Every Constellation that came along for the ride with <Kim Dokja's Company>'s
Story was now sponsoring their story.

Light returned to the once-darkened channel, and the broadcast began once
more.

\[Channel BY-9158's broadcast will begin again\!\]

The story was starting again. All these Coins contained the wills of the
Constellations.

Their desire to see the end of this Story.

Han Sooyoung too understood this desire. However, there were some who failed
to do so.

\[What are you all doing?\! Could it be that you're sympathising with those
Incarnations?? With the Enemies of the Story?? Everyone, you must wake
up\!\! Have you all forgotten who you are?\! Oh, dear Constellations, don't
let your eyes be stolen away by a demeaning story like that\!\]

The Great Dokkaebi roared out. That prompted someone to answer back.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', says she's more clear-headed than
ever before.\]

Tsu-chuchuchu...\!

An incredible storm of Probability was pushed back, and Poseidon's wave sunk
back to the ground.

Han Sooyoung slowly closed her eyes. A breeze was blowing in.

\[Will of <Star Stream> accepts the new flow of Probability.\]

Something was changing.

\[<Star Stream> is considering an alteration to the scenario's rules.\]

All Probability from the Bureau ruthlessly suppressing her and her companions
were dissipating away. The scenario's balance that had been heavily tilted out
of equilibrium was regaining itself.

\[You still can't understand 'Enemy of the Story'.\]

Kim Dokja remained difficult. However...

\['Enemy of the Story' wishes to be understood by you.\]

...However, it wasn't as if nothing had changed.

\[Scenario's rules are changing.\]

\[From here on, all Constellations can choose a camp to side with during the
Final Scenario\!\]

Han Sooyoung slowly looked around her.

The surrounding view began changing as if a layer of the world had been peeled
back.

... Go\!\! Fight on\! This is our battlefield\!

A man astride a horse brushed past Han Sooyoung's side. Without a doubt, he
used to be an Outer God only until a second ago. An existence that used to be
a 'Nameless One'. The strange monsters covered in tentacles and sticky fluids,
and caused one to feel instinctive fear simply by looking at them.

We can win this\! Do not give up until the end\!

Their figures were changing. Some changed into people, some into dwarves 
they were from all sorts of different species, but regardless of what, they
were no longer the existences of unknown.

Beomgak\! Move\! This is the Final Scenario we've been dreaming of\!

Mark\!

All those 'Nameless Ones' now had names in this place.

\[You have sided with the 'Enemy of the Story'.\]

These beings rushed towards the Constellations as dusk fell on the
battlefield. They formed ranks and advanced towards the Constellations.

I shall accompany you\!

Among them was a man who resembled Lee Hyunsung, and also a child resembling
Shin Yoosung. Even some that resembled Jung Heewon, Lee Gilyoung, and Lee
Jihye.

Not bad. So, then. This world-line has reached this far?

For a brief moment there, Han Sooyoung saw a girl who seemed to resemble her,
too. And all of them were fighting as the ally of the Enemy of the Story.

Her dazed eyes chased after their backs.

Every abandoned world-line was converging here.

The world that she couldn't express with mere words. The world that the
\[Predictive Plagiarism\] couldn't read, because it could only be imagined by
a reader.

This was the world Kim Dokja had been dreaming of.

Han Sooyoung slowly turned around towards the spot where the Outer God King
was only until a moment ago. And a certain man stood on that very spot where a
deep abyss cast by the massive creature's size used to exist.

"Han Sooyoung, what should an extra do in order to garner attention?"

The white coat revealed itself fleetingly underneath the tattered and torn
black coat.

"You're an extra because no one pays you attention."

Han Sooyoung staggered towards that spot.

"Well, there isn't any clear solution. Normally, you grab some attention by
sacrificing yourself, or..."

She walked and walked some more, and eventually, reached the front of that
man.

"...Or, you give them stories of their own."

The man quietly stood there and waited for her.

Han Sooyoung stood up straight in front of Kim Dokja. Quite unlike her usual
self, she thought she might start crying now. Her vision blurred and couldn't
see his face properly.

"You did well."

And Kim Dokja was standing there.


