### Chapter 402: Ep. 76 - Book of Revelation, IV

\[Every Constellation in the <Star Stream> has detected the existence of the
Calamity\!\]

\[Many Constellations have fallen into a state of fear\!\]

As the surrounding atmosphere transformed rapidly, Constellations enjoying the
cease-fire all began repeatedly roaring out as well as speaking in their true
voices. Some were panicking grandly, wondering what was going on here; some
sensed the Status of the Calamity and became scared; some Constellations began
lodging inquiries to the Bureau, hoping to escape from this scenario.

The bitter struggles of the stars trying to survive turned the battlefield
into pure pandemonium in no time at all.

\[The Bureau of the Star Stream is responding to the emergency situation\!\]

Finally, the Bureau was stepping forward.

Seeing that the messages regarding Constellations had decreased by a whole lot
quite rapidly just then, it seemed that the Bureau also found the current
situation rather concerning as well.

\[The Bureau of the Star Stream has begun an internal meeting on the
applicable issue.\]

It was quite likely that even the Bureau didn't expect this 'Great War of
Saints and Demons' to become this big.

Well, from the get-go, the 'Chaos Points' were simply added in as the extra
spice for the sake of speedy progress of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.
But then, that extra points system had surpassed the Good/Evil Points, and it
was even trying to awaken the Apocalypse Dragon now.

If that Dragon did wake up, then countless Constellations would end up getting
killed. In other words, it'd be the same thing as the number of the Bureau's
customers declining rather precipitously.

\[Even if the Bureau steps forward, they won't be able to revert the calamity,
as if it never happened in the first place.\]

I agreed with Surya's assertion.

We were in the 80th main scenario. Even if this was the Bureau, they wouldn't
be able to cancel the 'Giant Story'.

So, now wasn't the time to place our faith in their potential response.

"In order for the Apocalypse Dragon to wake up, the Chaos Points need to rise
up by another 10."

Although it wasn't a lot, we still had some time.

If we failed to prevent the release of the Apocalypse Dragon, then there was a
very good chance that my companions would be killed here.

What should I do to prevent that from happening?

Of course, I could immediately come up with a method to do that  eliminate
the source behind the rise in the Chaos Points.

The problem was that the source was hidden inside that 'sphere'.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut...\!

"Even if it's a 'Seeker of the End', it shouldn't be able to hold on for long
inside there."

Through the 'Ways of Survival', I knew who was on the list of the 'Seekers of
the End'. No one on that list was capable of lasting for a long time while
inside that sphere.

Not only were Metatron and Agares were in there, but the highest-grade
Constellations in this world were with them, too.

Even if they were to take their time, Archangels and Demon Kings should've
discovered the 'Seeker of the End' and killed it by now. With that, Chaos
Points should stop rising up...

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 91\]

It was around at that time that sparks exploded in the air. The sphere
violently shook around before a portion of its side faintly spread open, and
something began falling from there.

There were six torn wings visible on her back; it was an Archangel I knew
well.

I activated \[Way of the Wind\] and flew up in haste.

The body of the Archangel I caught was quite light. A certain fragrance wafted
into my nose; Stories were falling like flower petals from the deep wound
running across her back.

"Gabriel."

\[Constellation, 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius', is looking at you.\]

She was the Archangel Gabriel, who had experienced the 1863rd turn with me
before coming back home; the Constellation who fell into a deep pit of shock
after learning that she'd betray <Eden> in the future.

I momentarily wondered if she was the reason for the unfolding crisis, but I
knew that couldn't be the case; even in the original story, there was a very
good reason to her betrayal, and technically speaking, you couldn't even
really call what she did a betrayal, either.

Gabriel's lips moved with great difficulty. It was hard to hear her voice.

I pressed her for an answer. "What happened in there? Please talk to me."

She looked up at my face with fatigued eyes, but then, handed something over
to me. It was her Story.

Her trembling lips moved. Her voice couldn't be heard, but I could definitely
understand the words being conveyed.

Please, save <Eden>.

Gabriel's Story began telling its story.

  

* * *

  

Metatron looked at the Angels lining up by his sides, as well as the Demon
Kings standing on his opposite side one at a time. They all seemed to be
anxious. Also, their expressions displayed their failure at understanding how
they arrived at their current situation.

In the middle of all those faces, the oldest rival to Metatron could be seen.

\[To think that we'd be in this place because of a single Nebula. How
absurd.\]

It was the master of the 2nd Demon Realm, the 'Ruler of the East Hell'.

While lighting up a thick cigarette, Agares asked his question. \[How will we
decide on the victors and losers? Will we enter the 3rd 'Great War of Saints
and Demons' right away? Honestly speaking, I'm against it. Gathering this much
Probability again would be next to impossible, after all.\]

To start this 'Great War of Saints and Demons', both <Eden> and the Demon
Realm had to swallow huge losses.

Even among all the 'Giant Stories' of the <Star Stream>, the 'Great War of
Saints and Demons' boasted an unparalleled scale. If this scenario ended in
annulment, then the 'Story of Good and Evil' they barely managed to scrounge
up would scatter again, and both the 'Good' and the 'Evil' could end up on the
road to extinction.

Metatron looked up at the outside sky, faintly visible through the grey
sphere. Flashes of lightning could be seen within the dark, gloomy clouds
ominously gathering above them. Was it because of the end-of-the-world type
vibe? He abruptly recalled an event that had taken place a long time ago.

\[Agares. It's already been several thousands of years since the master of the
1st Demon Realm had passed on.\]

\[I don't have the time to leisurely reminisce about the past with you.\]

\[Do you still remember that day?\]

\[It was the day I inherited this abominable 'wall', so how could I have
forgotten it?\]

\['Wall that divides Good and Evil' is growling.\]

Ominous sparks danced around Agares's Incarnation Body. When that happened, a
similar phenomenon happened around Metaron's Incarnation Body, as well.

\['Wall that divides Good and Evil' is falling into a reminiscence of the
past.\]

A wall that was one but at the same time, two. A fragment of the Final Wall,
that decided the 'Good' and the 'Evil' of the world.

With that wall in the middle, the representatives of <Eden> and the Demon
Realm were staring at each other.

\[For a long time, you and I decided on the 'Good and Evil' of this world,
didn't we?\]

Just what was 'Good'?

Even Metatron, the leader of <Eden>, didn't have the answer to that question.
Because 'Good' was simply a collection of countless Stories, that was why.

He read the Stories of his predecessors, figured them out, and learned about
'Good' that way. And those 'Good', rather than explaining themselves, simply
pointed to other Stories and spoke like this, instead.

That is not 'Good'.

And that was how 'Evil' was created.

'Jung-ui' \(Justice, \) had morphed into 'Jung-ui' \(To define, \), and
along with that, 'anger' had been invented.

And therefore, we are not 'Evil'.

That was how 'Good' was created.

That simple dichotomy had managed to tear the <Star Stream> in half.

The simpler and more unyielding the principle, the stronger its ability to
spread out. Countless Constellations jumped on the bandwagon of the principle
of 'Good' and 'Evil'.

\[You probably have no idea. No idea about how boring it can get, trying to
exist as 'Evil' in this world.\] Agares breathed out the cigarette smoke and
continued on. \[It was you who forced the 'Good and Evil' into this state. You
erased the particulars of 'Evil', and you also spread that damn 'promotion of
virtue and disapproval of vice' like some kind of a plague. Indeed, you
bastard, are the original culprit who managed to break the Story of 'Good and
Evil'.\]

It didn't really matter what kind of minute details, or whether sadness and
pain existed within the scenario. What did matter, however, was the
conclusion.

The 'Good' judged and punished the 'Evil'. That was enough for the others to
shed grateful tears and clap their hands. Without a doubt, such a time did
exist.

Metatron spoke up. \[But, you also agreed to do that, didn't you?\]

\[Back then, that was the only way for us to survive.\]

The 'Good' stayed alive by punishing the 'Evil', while the 'Evil' continued to
exist by resisting against the 'Good'.

And so, tens of thousands of years passed by like that. The division between
'Good and Evil' became blurry, and justice/definition had disappeared. The
'Good and Evil' ended up becoming a concept of bored old men.

No one welcomed the idea of 'promoting virtue and disapproving vice' any more.

Drop.

Agares dropped the cigarette he'd been smoking on the floor, and as if he was
stepping on an insect, squashed it to kill it.

\[Through the repetition of the scenarios, the 'Good' has become a source of
stuffy boredom, while the 'Evil' has become an antiquated cliche. I have to
wonder, maybe it's about time that we stop with this foolishness.\]

Agares's words prompted the Demon Kings to pull out all of their weapons.

Metatron spoke again. \[If we fight here, then everyone will perish
together.\]

\['Evil' has always been easier than 'Good'. Even if you all disappear, we
will still remain.\]

\[The world forgetting about 'Good' does not mean I have forgotten mine.\]

\[Then, prove it.\] Agares's eyes began burning up. \[We will no longer be the
plaything of the 'promotion of virtue and disapproval of vice' any more. I am
'Evil'. I was born 'Evil', and proving that you exist used to be the reason
for my existence. And from today onwards, I shall break free from that
reason.\]

The Demon Kings all roared out in unison. Their Statuses overflowed as if to
sweep away every Archangel present at any given moment.

But, right at that moment...

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 83\]

System messages rose up in the air. The sudden spike in the Chaos Points
caused the shocked Archangels to exchange glances with each other.

\[What's going on?\!\]

\[It's the outside\! Someone is slaughtering the members from the same
side\!\]

Agares and the Demon Kings also became flustered. And in the middle of all
this confusion, only Metatron maintained his composed chuckle.

\[I've been thinking about this for a long time, but it seems that this is the
only way forward.\]

\[What are you...?\!\]

\[If you want a fight, then I'll give you one. However, what meaning is there
for us to fight inside this place and end the 'Great War of Saints and
Demons'? Who do you think will remember the 'Good and Evil' that fought inside
this tiny little sphere and met its ignoble doom?\]

There was a hint of bizarre, creepy madness in Metatron's voice.

Sensing that something very ominous was about to occur, Agares loudly shouted
out.

\[Metatron\! Just what the hell are you thinking?\!\]

\[My thoughts are as thus.\]

As soon as Metatron finished talking, Michael, standing right at the forefront
of the Archangels, unsheathed his sword.

Now that the strongest Archangel had pulled its sword out, Demon Kings didn't
hold back and unleashed their Statuses while roaring out, as well. And in the
following moment, Michael's sword pierced into someone else.

\[...Mi, chael...?\]

Eyes trembled softly in sheer disbelief.

The person Michael had stabbed wasn't a Demon King. He began laughing. \[How
regretful. I always wanted to kill Uriel first, though.\]

Archangel Raguel continued to shake its head in disbelief but eventually, it
died on the spot as the Stories poured out from its wounds.

Demonic aura began boiling all over Michael's entire frame after he murdered
one of his kin. A corrupted Angel's powers would grow stronger by killing
fellow Archangels.

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 87\]

Status that almost reached that of a Myth-grade Constellation exploded forth,
and the massacre commenced in earnest. Angels that had no place to run
hurriedly unleashed their Statuses, but they couldn't even put up a proper
fight before getting killed. Originally, there was a restriction placed on
Michael that prevented him from attacking a fellow Angel on the side of
Absolute Good.

Even then, if such a thing was possible, that could only mean...

\[Scribe, just why...?\!\]

Metatron's book was emitting bright white light. This slaughter was taking
place under the tacit approval of 'Scribe of Heaven'.

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 88\]

The sight of hell itself unfolded as an Angel murdered another Angel.

Demon Kings watched the proceedings like onlookers spectating on the wildfire
on the other side of the river, shook from sheer terror, and hastily stepped
back.

Michael grinned brightly, and while wiping the Angel blood off his cheek,
spoke. \[And now, 'Good' will forever be remembered.\]

\[The Oldest Good has begun its storytelling.\]

The battle of Saints and Demons were, in the end, a battle between Stories.
And these Stories knew better than anyone on what to do so that they would be
remembered forever.

Agares, enraged beyond means, roared out.

\[Could it be that, you bastards, wish to revive the Apocalypse Dragon...?\!\]

Just as it urgently tried to unleash its Status, something dug deeply into its
back  a covert, sneaky demonic energy that could even rival its own Status.

\[The Oldest Evil has begun its storytelling.\]

Agares unstably wobbled about and looked behind itself.

\[...You bastard, why?\]

\[You said it yourself, haven't you?\]

The Demon King felt the sensation of the sharp claws cutting out its heart.

Asmodeus, the 'Seeker of the End', was smiling brightly.

\[...That 'Evil' is always easier than 'Good'.\]

  

* * *

  

Gabriel's Story was really short. Short, but more than long enough to explain
everything. Hell had unfolded inside that sphere already.

"Run away, Gabriel. Request aid from those people."

And a small number of Archangels, including Raphael, sacrificed their Statuses
at the last moment to send Gabriel outside the sphere.

\[Definition of 'Good' and 'Evil' are rapidly changing\!\]

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 92\]

"Kim Dokja."

Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung had arrived by my side already. Their eyes were
demanding an explanation.

Rather than providing a detailed but time-wasting one, I simply spoke of the
core of the issue at hand. "It's Metatron. He was planning to wake up the
'Apocalypse Dragon' from the very beginning."

As if she knew what had transpired already, a big scowl formed on Han
Sooyoung's face.

"That fool, I thought he knew what happened in the 1863rd turn?"

During 1863rd regression turn, <Eden> was destroyed by the Apocalypse Dragon.
And Metatron was well aware of that.

"He must be believing that this is the only way to avoid their destruction."

It was Yoo Joonghyuk who said that. He continued on. "If the Apocalypse Dragon
wakes up, then at the bare minimum, this 'Great War of Saints and Demons'
should become a Story no one will ever forget even until the final days of the
<Star Stream>."

"What the hell? What's the point of that if everyone is about to die?"

"Not everyone will die. Some that manage to survive will end up remembering
the 'Good and Evil' forever."

Even if both Eden and the Demon Realm perished, the story would be different
as long as the 'Good and Evil' didn't vanish.

Even if everything were to come to an end, the ideology would still be
inherited, that's why.

Countless Constellations and Incarnations would die, and without a doubt, the
Apocalypse Dragon would be designated as 'Evil'. Then, the rest of the world
would gather together to fight against that calamity.

And <Eden> and the Demon Realm would forever be etched in everyone's memory.

Han Sooyoung shuddered uncomfortably at that out-there show of will.

"Those crazy sons of bitches..."

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 93\]

I watched the Chaos Points slowly climb up and felt the helplessness creep in
bit by bit. All of this was Metatron's scenario.

"Kim Dokja, what are we going to do?"

From afar, the rest of our companions, plus Uriel, were flying towards our
location.

...I need to think.

We had worked too hard to get this far.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!\!

It was at that moment that a portal opened up in the air as sparks wildly
danced about.

"...Dokkaebis?"

\[Great Dokkaebi, 'Heoju' \(empty throne\) has appeared in the scenario\!\]

\[Great Dokkaebi, 'Heoche' \(empty body\) has appeared in the scenario\!\]

Two Great Dokkaebis, one wearing a formal black suit while the other, a white
one, descended from the sky while scattering around dignified Statuses. They
must've come here on short notice because their crumpled, untidy shirts and
ties were flapping around in the strong winds.

They approached me immediately and spoke as thus.

\['Demon King of Salvation', this 'Dark Stratum' will soon perish. And, it's
almost a guarantee that you will die here.\]

I figured that the Bureau would start making their move by now. I didn't
expect Great Dokkaebis to personally show up here, though.

"If you came here to prophetise the apocalypse, then I'm afraid you're a bit
too late now. The system's been yapping on about it for a while."

The two Great Dokkaebis looked at each other as if they were taken aback by my
composed reply.

\[Just as the rumours suggested, he does possess a glib tongue.\]

\[And that's why the King is so interested in him, most likely.\]

Just before I could ask for a clarification on that, one of the Great
Dokkaebis broke out into a smirk.

...As if it was about to make an offer that I couldn't possibly refuse.

\[Oh, Demon King. Let us get straight to the point. Give up on this 'Great War
of Saints and Demons'.\]

This Great Dokkaebi laughed as if entertained by something, and while looking
at Gabriel lying down on the ground, spoke again.

\[If you do, we shall take you to the 'Final Scenario'.\]


