### Chapter 70: Ep. 14  Master of the Throne, VI

Nevertheless, a main character was a main character. I sent him to Gangbuk
Station but he already had a black flag.

If a non-representative took away the flag of a representative, the hidden
scenario 'Revolutionary Road' would open. He knew this and killed a
representative on the way here, making him a king.

Looking at Yoo Joonghyuk's current appearance, it seemed like Lee Jihye and
Jung Heewon did a good job.

I took a few steps back and looked at Han Sooyoung. "Hey, quickly give me that
sword."

"I-I don't want to."

"Do you want to die here?"

Han Sooyoung's eyes were shaken as Yoo Joonghyuk moved. I exclaimed,
"Gilyoung\!"

Lee Gilyoung's eyes turned white like he had been waiting. I heard a tearing
sound and something pounding on the dungeon.

Then after a while. The sickle of a praying mantis flew through one wall.

\[The 6th grade insect king, Titanoptera has appeared\!\]

Lee Gilyoung's ability was the best. The whole cave shook with the enormous
power of the giant insect king. As Yoo Joonghyuk looked back, I struck Han
Sooyoung.

"A-Ack...\!"

Han Sooyoung groaned and let go of the Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword. I
picked up the sword as well as the flag hanging from Han Sooyoung's neck as a
bonus.

\[You have won the flag of the 'Hongik University' group.\]

\[Your purple flag has absorbed the cumulative achievements of the black
flag.\]

\[Your purple flag has evolved into a black flag.\]

\[You are able to use the perks of the black flag.\]

\[Congratulations\! You have completed the first king's qualification.\]

\[Number of kings remaining: 6.\]

I ran straight towards the Tyrant King. The Tyrant King was lying down between
a pile of stones, his body crushed like dough. It was terrible. He tried to
kill everyone only to die in vain like this.

Han Sooyoung shouted from behind me. "You thief\!"

I ignored her and quickly swept up the Tyrant King's items.

\[The item 'Three Ring Loop' has been acquired.\]

\[The item 'Dragon Jar' has been acquired.\]

The revival 'Dragon Jar'. The Tyrant King obtained it by clearing the seven
person dungeon.

"...Kim Dokja\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk was chasing after me at a scary speed. Despite the fact that I
had 30 agility, he narrowed the distance to me in an instant. I looked around
and hid behind the nearest king.

"W-What?"

It was the king of Later Baekje, Gu Daesung.

"Kuaaaak\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's relentless blow cracked his head while Yoo Joonghyuk obtained
his flag.

\[The constellation 'Founder of Hannamgun' is looking at you.\]

I felt sorry for Gyeon Hwon but it couldn't be helped. I promised to make it
up to him next time.

At this time, I decided to stop running away.

"Joonghyuk, stop for a minute. Let's talk."

"That note..."

"The note?"

"My sister."

It was only two words but I instantly understood. Fortunately, Lee Jihye
handled things safely. The note was given to Yoo Joonghyuk at the right time.

"What about your sister?"

"Where did you hide my sister?"

"What are you talking about?"

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk is currently using Lie Detection Lv. 6.\]

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk has confirmed that your words are false.\]

"If you don't tell me right away, you really will die."

I knew it was true even without Lie Detection. The reason why Yoo Joonghyuk
was like this was entirely due to my plot.

I drove him to go north to save his sister, causing him to waste time
searching the north. Yoo Joonghyuk's less worn-out personality in this third
regression made the plan possible.

It couldn't be helped, even if I was acting cowardly. If Yoo Joonghyuk, who
was much stronger than the original third regression, ignored everything and
engaged in the war of kings, this scenario would've ended at his pace.

Then I would never get the ending that I wanted.

"...Okay. Let's put the sword down and talk. What if I was a real jerk?"

"Are you taking my family hostage?"

"That's going overboard. Isn't that just your words?"

The concept of a hostage didn't exist for him in the first place. This guy
could just die and go back.

"Then why did you do this?"

"Why do you think"

Yoo Joonghyuk noticed that I was buying time and his expression cooled. "I
should've killed you at that time... then die."

The moment that Yoo Joonghyuk raised his sword, a voice was heard from the
air.

\[Everyone here, please calm down. Why are you still fighting? Let's see,
you've met the qualifications.\]

The intermediate dokkaebi appeared at this moment.

Yoo Joonghyuk also confirmed the number board floating in the air.

\[Number of kings remaining: 5.\]

\[The 'Last King's Qualification' has begun.\]

The bodies of the remaining kings, including me and Yoo Joonghyuk, started to
be forcibly moved through space.

"Kim Dok...\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk reached out for me but it was too late.

I finally reached the last phase of this scenario.

\[The qualified kings will move to the final testing place.\]

The landscape started changing. It felt like my body was being sucked
somewhere else. The next moment, tung\! There was the sound of me bumping my
head against something. A moment later, I became conscious again.

\[You aren't qualified to take past in the 'Last King's Qualifications.\]

...What?

I looked around and saw that I was standing in the center of Gwanghwamun. I
had bumped into a barrier the size of a schoolyard. The center contained the
Absolute Throne, the last reward of this scenario.

Why couldn't I enter?

\[Hahaha\! This, this\! You were only looking at the big picture and missed
something important\!\]

I looked up at the sound of laughter and saw the ridiculing face of the
intermediate dokkaebi. I thought he was playing tricks on me but then an
unexpected message flashed.

\[You have failed to occupy the 'target station' of the fourth scenario.\]

\[You must first take the target station to be qualified for the 'Last King's
Qualifications'.\]

\[Your group's target station is Changsin Station.\]

Ah... I was only thinking about the kings and forgot. I hadn't occupied it yet.

\[The last phase can't be performed unless the previous phase is cleared
properly. Did you think you could get away with it?\]

There was already fighting going on inside the barrier. If this continued,
everything I had done would be in vain. I thought I should run to Changsin
Station before it was too late.

By the way... damn. Wouldn't all the scenarios end if I ran there?

"Dokja-ssi\!"

Yoo Sangah was rushing over here while carrying the collapsed Lee Gilyoung.
But there were more people with them. Huh?

"Heewon-ssi?"

Jung Heewon ran to this side while holding the hands of a unknown girl.

"Is my brother really here?" The girl asked.

"Yes. How many times do I have to say it?"

"But I'm hungry."

Jung Heewon wasn't supposed to be here right now. After saving a girl from the
Gangbuk area of Seoul, she should wait at Changshin Station. That was Jung
Heewon's job in this scenario.

"Heewon-ssi, why are you here? I told you to wait at Changsin Station..."

"No, how long was I waiting? Besides, she has been hungry since morning.
Aren't you worried about your sister?"

At Jung Heewon's words, the girl pointed to me and said, "That person isn't my
brother."

"Eh?"

"He is uglier than my brother."

Damn kid. Jung Heewon was surprised as she looked between me and the girl.
"Eh? This isn't Dokja-ssi's sister? I thought that was why you asked me to
save her."

"No."

"Then who is it?"

It was natural for Jung Heewon not to know. Who would think this girl would be
the psychopath's sister?

I heard a growling sound from the girl's stomach. I listened to the sound and
laughter emerged.

...Would my perfect plan collapse here?

"Dokja-ssi, where are you going?"

"I'm going to occupy Changsin Station."

I had to challenge it, even if I was late. I wish there was a long-distance
teleport scroll but the intermediate dokkaebi wouldn't let me open the
Dokkaebi Bag.

Then Jung Heewon looked at me and opened her mouth. "Why would you go there?"

"Huh?"

"Kid, bring that thing out. Didn't I give it to you before?"

"Yes\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's sister, Yoo Mia put her hand in her mouth. After a moment, her
mouth became abnormally large and an unusual sized stone emerged. It was Yoo
Mia's exclusive skill, Inventory. I moved towards the chunk of stone.

"What is this?"

"Don't you know?"

I examined the rough surface of the stone. Then I saw a small groove that
could hold something.

...I never thought of this. Was this method possible? No one had tried this in
Ways of Survival.

Jung Heewon shamelessly said, "Don't you need the flagpole to occupy the
station?"

What type of ignorant human would think up an idea like this? Jung Heewon had
cut up the floor that contained the flag holder of Changshin Station.

\[The constellation 'Adventurer who Stands Up an Egg' admires Jung Heewon's
idea.\]

I tried to say something but fell silent.

"Why, is something wrong?"

"...No."

"Then what are you doing? Go ahead and insert the flag."

I nodded and pulled out the flag.

\[You have occupied Changsin Station.\]

\[You have earned 2,000 coins as a reward for 'Struggle for the Flag'.\]

I really did it.

\[Your group has occupied the target station.\]

\[Your body has moved to the battlefield of the 'Last King's Qualification'.\]

My consciousness flickered again. A message popped up as a king's
qualification was added.

\[King's Qualification\]

1\.  The owner of the throne should be braver than anyone else. 

The Absolute Throne never wants a 'weak king'. To challenge the throne, you
must own at least a black flag.

2\.  He who dreams of the throne must desire it. 

The number of 'kings' that can challenge the throne is decided. In order to
gain the right to challenge it, you must remove the other kings around you.

3\.  A single king stands alone without any help. 

The king who can challenge the throne must be able to prove his strength was
just his body.

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' is calmly watching the situation.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is cheering for the historical-
grade constellations.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is laughing.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' scoffs at the historical-
grade constellations.\]

The constellations had opposite reactions unlike other times. It was because
the constellations had different ranks.

The gap between historical-grade and narrative-grade was like the difference
between a child and an adult.

That's why the reaction of the constellations watching the broadcast differed.
Like adults not paying attention to a child's game of hide-and-seek, this
scenario was meaningless for constellations above narrative-grade.

But the historical-grade constellations were different.

In this scenario, the triumphant historical-grade constellation would climb to
the absolute throne and build up their 'story'. This was why the historical-
grade constellations were impatient once the King's Qualification scenario
began.

I opened my eyes and the King's Battlefield began.

\[From now on, all kings can't receive the support of their sponsor.

\[From now on, the attack and defense of all items will be limited.\]

\[From now on, all skills, stigmas and special item options will be sealed.\]

\[From now on, the total stats of all kings will change to 10/10/10/10/10.\]

\[The Last King's Qualification will continue until one person is left.\]


