### Chapter 117: Ep. 23 - Abandoned World, II

Along with the message, the contents of the scenario emerged in my head.

\[Main Scenario \#6 - ????\]

Category: Main

Difficulty: ???

Clear Conditions: ???

Time Limit: ???

Compensation: ???

Failure: 

"Eh? There isn't a difficulty level or clear conditions."

"...What the hell do they want us to do? Why is everything question marks?"

The confused people summoned the window several times but the contents of the
scenario were still covered with question marks. I wasn't surprised because I
already expected this. It was because this scenario...

"Only a few people will be able to complete this scenario." A tall, middle-
aged man standing near me declared.

"You..."

"It has been a while, Kim Dokja-nim. This is the first time I am greeting you
formally."

...This ahjussi was here as well. I wanted to speak but the man asked me to
shake hands first.

"I am Jeon Ildo and I'm called the Neutral King."

"I am Kim Dokja."

The Neutral King, Jeon Ildo. He was one of the few kings remaining in Seoul
who survived the Absolute Throne struggle, along with the Maitreya King Cha
Sangkyung and the King of Beauty Min Jiwon.

I had been impressed with Jeon Ildo. He was the only king who gave up the
throne of his own will.

"During the struggle for the throne and this time as well. I was very
impressed with Dokja-nim's performance. You don't know how much my sponsor
talks about Dokja-nim. Half the time it is about Dokja-nim."

He gave a good-looking smile. That reminded me, who was his sponsor? I
immediately used a skill.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

It was a summary list that only contained the attribute and sponsor.

\[The settings of the summary list have been changed.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Jeon Ildo

Exclusive Attributes: Clumsy Intellectual \(General\), the Neutral King
\(Hero\)

Sponsor: Expert at Playing Both Sides

...Now that I saw it, I had a question. Of course it would be this
constellation. Expert at Playing Both Sides seemed to be an old-fashioned
person with complicated internal relations but it was actually the modifier of
a 'king'.

\[A constellation who advocates neutral diplomacy has revealed his modifier.\]

\[The constellation 'Expert at Playing Both Sides' shows good intentions
towards you.\]

It was the modifier for Gwanghaegun, a king of Joseon famous for his neutral
diplomacy.

Jeon Ildo had the title of Neutral King for a reason.

I said to him, "Tell me more. Why did you say that only some people can carry
out the scenario?"

"Ah, you didn't know."

The kings had quickly obtained information. Of course, I knew it the best but
I still needed to listen to them. Maybe things were different from the Ways of
Survival that I knew.

"According to information provided by the low-grade dokkaebis this morning,
the participants of this scenario are going to be volunteers."

"Volunteers?"

"Yes. This scenario doesn't require everyone to participate. There is also no
penalty for not participating. It is incredible considering the scenarios
we've experienced so far."

It was like what I expected. I pointed at the screen and asked, "Will the
participants be going there?"

"That's what I heard."

I could hear relieved voices all over the place after Jeon Ildo's words.

"What? Not all of us have to go?"

"Shit, I'm glad. I saw those monsters... why are they so big?"

At this point, the incarnations were divided into three broad categories.
First, there was the type that furtively watched. Most of them didn't have an
affiliation and probably thought they could survive by hiding.

However, this idea was wrong. After a while, Star Stream scenarios' difficulty
would rise exponentially. Perhaps these incarnations would face a terrible
future in exchange for not participating in the scenario.

"...Isn't it interesting?"

Then there was the second category. They had somewhat adapted to the harsh
environment of the scenarios. People strengthened their resolve by looking at
the screen or checking their equipment in advance. Maybe they would be able to
survive in the meantime.

Finally, the third category...

"Jeon Ildo-nim\! Where are you?"

There was a shout from outside the crowd. Jeon Ildo looked at his watch and
groaned. "The time has already come."

"You can go. I'm fine."

"No, I can't go alone. It doesn't make sense."

"...What do you mean?"

"Dokja-nim, I actually came here to find you."

"Find me?"

Jeon Ildo nodded. "A world without kings."

He looked around. It was only a moment but it felt like many people's gazes
were focused here. Jeon Ildo gave a mysterious smile as if he noticed the
gazes.

"The kings left in this unfortunate world are waiting for you to come."

This was the third category. They were the people who used others in order to
survive.

  

* * *

  

I followed Jeon Ildo to the kings' gathering place.

They gathered at the central platform of Yongsan Station and the meeting room
was covered by a big tent. There were dozens of guards around the tent. Every
one of them was formidable. They were the elite troops of the kings. They were
probably hunting the monsters in other areas while we were fighting Shin
Yoosung.

"I'm sorry but only the kings can go inside." The sentries stopped us and I
looked back at my party members.

Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung understood the situation and nodded. I left Yoo
Sangah with Lee Hyunsung.

"Dokja-ssi. Scream if anything happens. Understood?" Jung Heewon told me.

I smiled at her and opened the door of the tent.

\[Sound Wave Blocking is activated in the area.\]

They even had Sound Wave Blocking? There seemed to be a pretty good assortment
of people. I walked in and saw a round table in the wide space. There were a
few biscuits and beef jerky on the table.

The chairs that people were sitting in were different. Some were plastic
chairs, some were wooden chairs and there was even a sofa. Still, no matter
where they sat, it was definitely a throne.

The surviving kings were here.

"You said that our group has an advantage? South Korea will be a latecomer. Do
you think we can deal with those who are already present? However, it will be
different if our group goes. I will go...\!"

The booming voice of the middle-aged man faded away at my appearance. All the
kings were staring at me.

"The last king has come." King of Beauty Min Jiwon stated.

I lightly greeted her and looked around at the kings. Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't
here, obviously. Apart from me, there were a total of five people present.

King of Beauty, Min Jiwon.

The Maitreya King, Cha Sangkyung.

The Neutral King, Jeon Ildo.

The King of Wanderers.

Those were four people, and the remaining person...

It was strange. I didn't know him?

"Who is this person?"

"I am Kim Dokja."

"Oh, you are... hum, hum. I am the president of Yeouido, Yoo Hyunho."

Yeouido's president? The president already died. What was this bullshit? Min
Jiwon added in a sour voice. "...Yoo Hyunho-ssi isn't a king but he leads a
large force. That's why he is here."

"What king? Do you really think this is the Joseon Dynasty? We are living in
the era of a democracy. Please wake up\!"

I quietly activated Character List.

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Yoo Hyunho

Exclusive Attributes: Corrupt Politician \(Rare\)

Sponsor: Master of Manipulating State Affairs

Exclusive Skills: Bribery Lv. 5, Military Command Lv. 4, Corrupt Power Lv. 6,
Control of the Masses Lv. 7...

I suddenly remembered. A politician who survived the first scenario. There had
clearly been such a person in several regressions. Usually Yeoido was erased
during the monster flood so he was lucky this time.

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' is angry with the corrupt officials of
Joseon.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' hates the incarnation Yoo
Hyunho.\]

These messages probably had something to do with Yoo Hyunho's sponsor. A
master of manipulating state affairs who lived during the Joseon period...

I would've been able to ask Yoo Sangah if she was here.

"This person called Lee Sookyung is attending for a similar reason. I don't
know if you've heard but she is called the King of Wanderers."

The King of Wanderers looked at me. She was still wearing a mask. I stared at
the mask for a moment before turning my head to the left.

"There is no need for introductions. I would like to know why you called me
here."

Jeon Ildo sitting at the center of the table spoke after hearing my words. "We
are here to select the representatives who will participate in the sixth
scenario."

This was their purpose. Yoo Hyunho spoke after Jeon Ildo. "The people gathered
here are those with the greatest forces in Seoul Dome at present. Kim Dokja-
ssi is relatively small but you received the great honour of a special
invitation due to your contribution to the scenario."

"Ah, is that so?"

Special? Honour? What a ridiculous guy. He hid somewhere while I cleared the
scenario... Now he wanted to say these words?

Yoo Hyunho looked around and kept speaking. "Once again, it is time for us to
stop being barbarians. For a while, we went back to the primitive era and
repeated the struggles of society. However, our essence is that of citizens
who act according to strict social contracts\! Then wouldn't it be better to
pick the next scenario participants using the democratic process?"

It was a dog barking but it sounded convincing because he mixed in several
right words. Min Jiwon replied, "What democratic process are you talking
about?"

"Like I said before, I think it is right to allocate the participants
according to the size of the force."

Jeon Ildo immediately retorted. "I know that Yeouido's group is the greatest
simply looking at numbers. That proposal isn't fair."

"Jeon Ildo-ssi, I am saddened by your words. Aren't we all Koreans? It doesn't
matter if a certain amount of people from a particular group is selected. Once
we enter the scenario, we will be facing foreign opponents. Then the group we
belong to won't matter. Are we going to fight each other when the enemy is in
front of us?"

He truly was a politician but Jeon Ildo wasn't that easily persuaded. "If it
doesn't matter who is picked then there isn't a reason to pick from your
group."

"Uhum, according to the democratic process, we have many powerful people..."

I became annoyed when I heard it. "We are here to talk about this? I don't
know why we are picking people in the first place. Just send everyone who
wants to go."

"We originally thought like that but things changed."

"Changed?"

Min Jiwon nodded. "The scenario has a limited quota."

Limited?

"The kings received a message from the dokkaebis but you must not have
received it yet."

At this moment, a system message flashed in my head.

\[Seoul Dome's initial quota is 10 people.\]

\[The size of the subsequent quotas will be decided depending on the
incarnations in the scenario.\]

Oh, this was why they were fighting. Unlike the other incarnations, the kings
knew how important it was to get a strong start early in the scenario. If they
could put their own forces into the initial quota then they thought the
initiative of future scenarios would come to their group. In the end, this
place was going to become a battelfield over kings' positions.

"My group will go. I heard there are a lot of Japanese people in the scenario
area. I think it is right for me to take the lead as a descendant of Silla."

"No, I will go. Baekje had many wars with Japan since ancient times."

"That's Baekje. Your sponsor is from Later Baekje."

"What does that mean? Of course I have to go. How can I believe in your
antiquated sponsor..."

"Everyone, wait a minute. Please calm down..."

Jeon Ildo came forward but couldn't calm the chaos down. I looked around with
a sigh and saw the King of Wanderers. She was watching me without saying a
word. I could see a slight smile below her half mask.

I had to settle this. The arguing kings had a fierce atmosphere like there was
going to be bloodshed.

"There is no use in us arguing about this now." The kings looked at me the
moment I said these words. Yoo Hyunho's eyes held a wordless question, 'What
do you mean by that?'

I could feel the ground starting to tremble slightly, and picked up a biscuit
from the table. Now he was coming. Why did he always show up late?

"The last king hasn't come yet."

The moment I broke the biscuit, one side of the tent exploded and the self-
styled president of Yeouido fell down with a scream.

"Kuaaak\!"

A person appeared behind Yoo Hyunho. I glanced through a hole in the tent and
saw dozens of collapsed guards behind him.

This was our regressor. His temper was the same, no matter the regression. The
peculiar ferocious eyes swept through the group and soon focused on me.

"K-King\!" Some of the kings gasped.

Then the king, Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "I will announce the people who
will participate in the next scenario."


