### Chapter 76: Ep. 15  A Kingless World, VI

By the time I realized, Song Minwoo was immediately in front of me. It was a
tremendous speed. His agility must be at least above level 40 in order to
achieve this speed.

"You?" He asked in a tearful voice. This guy had already finished his
transition to an outside species.

\[The 6th grade outside species, Song Minwoo has triggered 'A Predator's
Threat Lv. 5\!'\]

\[The character 'Han Sooyoung' has used 'Mental Barrier Lv. 3'.\]

\[The character 'Han Sooyoung' has alleviated some of the effects of A
Predator's Threat.\]

In a moment, his hand shot out and grabbed Han Sooyoung's throat.

"Keok..."

Han Sooyoung might not be in a perfect physical condition but it was too much
for her to be suppressed at once.

The 6th grade outside species. It was the worst enemy to deal with right now.

It was different compared to the 5th grade fire dragon. At that time, my ice
attribute overwhelmed the fire attribute and I could take advantage of the
dull movements of the big monster.

But now...

Song Minwoo stared at me. "Did you break my coin farm?"

The tone was certain despite it being a question. Han Sooyoung screamed the
moment she saw Song Minwoo's white fangs. "Shit, kill him quickly\!"

I used Blade of Faith while Han Sooyoung used Avatar. At almost the same time,
Song Minwoo's powerful kick arrived. The just created Avatar's head burst
while I went flying through the air.

\[The 6th grade outside species, Song Minwoo has triggered 'Accelerate Lv.
5\!'\]

Song Minwoo's fist followed at a speed that was almost invisible. Head,
shoulders, belly. The onslaught poured out towards those areas. Air burst out
from me.

Han Sooyoung's voice cried out, "Kim Dokja\!"

...No, even if this was an outside species, how could he be so strong? It was
too late to avoid the blow. I hurriedly raised my overall stats.

\[16,000 coins have been invested in physique.\]

\[Physique Lv. 24 -> Physique Lv. 50\]

\[A giant-like physical fitness fills your body.\]

The pain quickly dwindled and it reached the point where I could tolerate it.
But the situation wasn't over.

"Kim Dokja? Where did I hear that name?" I heard Song Minwoo mumbling.

I could see this face through my defenses and that was the problem. This guy
wasn't strong. The problem was me.

\[The effect of A Predator's Threat has reduced your will to fight.\]

\[A Predator's Threat has slowed down your movements.\]

It was ridiculous. I overcame the threat of the 5th grade fire dragon only to
be affected by this guy?

It was impossible. I had the Fourth Wall...

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is shaking.\]

This situation had happened once before.

It happened when I fought Yoo Joonghyuk in the Theatre Dungeon and when I was
immersed in Yoo Joonghyuk's first person view... but now Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't
here. So why?

Song Minwoo roared and raised his claws. "...Kinda familiar. Do I know you?"

Hey, Kim Dokja. What is this?

A familiar voice overlapped with the same voice.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is shaking.\]

I grabbed his wrist and answered, "I don't know."

"Really? I think I remember."

Stop reading and go and get me some bread. Yes?

\[The 6th grade outside species, Song Minwoo has triggered 'Memory Enhancement
Lv. 3\!'\]

"I know you."

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is shaking.\]

...Dammit. I see. Now I knew what the Fourth Wall skill was.

There was a smile on Song Minwoo's face. "Strange. How does a geek like you
survive up to this point? You were reading a novel every day."

"..."

"Haha, you are that person. Aren't you the guy who was beaten up by me while
reading a novel in your spare time? Don't you remember?"

I remembered. Of course I remembered. A late rage filled my head.

"You are Song Minwoo. You should remember the face of your old school friend
right? It is good. I was wondering if you were still alive."

When I was 17, I used to think that if I had the strength, I would tear apart
this guy in front of me.

Song Minwoo kept talking. "The novel you were reading at that time. Where can
I see it?"

The moment I heard this, a scene came to my mind. I had been sitting in my
seat and scrolling through the novel when he hit me.

...Perhaps?

This otaku, you are reading this? Is this fun? It is laughable.

Of course, the novel I was reading at that time...

Song Minwoo's fist struck my abdomen and my body flew through the air. The
moment I slammed into the outer wall of a building, Han Sooyoung's avatars
attacked Song Minwoo. The exterior wall of the destroyed building fell on me.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is shaking.\]

The Fourth Wall. It was an exclusive skill that I had from the beginning. I
still didn't know all the functions of this skill but I was confident of at
least one thing.

This skill made me recognize this world as a 'novel'.

In fact, I often felt strange. I made judgments and did actions that weren't
possible in reality. It was like I was calmly watching this world from the
outside.

It was due to the Fourth Wall.

"Shit... What are you doing?"

An angry voice was heard. As I cleared away the pile of stones, the angry Han
Sooyoung blocked my way.

Her dozens of avatars were dealing with Song Minwoo and the werewolves in the
corridors of the building. Blood was flowing from Han Sooyoung's nose and her
blood vessels popped out as she struggled.

It was because Han Sooyoung was squeezing out every drop of her already low
magic power to exert this strength.

"I believed in you but what are you doing now?"

I slowly raised myself while feeling a sharp pain in my bones. This was truly
real pain. I had forgotten since the Fourth Wall acted as a cushion for this
pain.

\[Many constellations are confused by the unexpected development.\]

I endured the pain and stood up, shaking off the dust. "This is an awakening
event."

"...What?"

"Where is the fun in easily winning all the time? Sometimes I should go
through adversity.

"Oh, is that why you are so beaten up?"

"I was just thinking for a while."

\[Many constellations are relieved.\]

The Fourth Wall was a skill that made reality like a novel. Then it was
obvious why the wall was shaking. It was because I currently regarded Song
Minwoo as 'reality'. He was the asshole who beat me up and made my teen years
a tragedy.

"...Do you know that bastard?" She was a writer and a really quick female. I
stared at her and the hesitating Han Sooyoung hurriedly added. "I'm sorry. I
didn't want to hear it but the words he said to you..."

I replied honestly to the person who had Lie Detection. "Yes, I know him."

"I can roughly guess..."

"That bastard. He is obviously a trauma."

"...Where is the obvious trauma? A trauma is serious."

Han Sooyoung stated as she spat out blood.

"Then what is the problem? Han Sooyoung, you can help me awaken. If you tell
me a few words from Ways of Survival, won't I awaken?"

"Do you think I'm Lee Hyunsung?"

In the end, I had to solve this problem myself. I would have a hard time going
forward if the Fourth Wall shook every time I met a person who stimulated my
traumas.

Above all, I was 28 years old right now. I wasn't a 17 year old who was
flustered by a bully.

\[A constellation who likes revenge has revealed his own modifier.\]

\[The constellation 'One who Overcomes the Late Trials' is cheering for you.\]

\[Some constellations are in agreement.\]

\[A bounty scenario has occurred\!\]

\[Bounty Scenario  Overcoming Trauma

Category: Sub

Difficulty: C

Clear Conditions: Some constellations, such as One who Overcomes the Late
Trials has commissioned a bounty scenario for you. Overcome your trauma within
the time limit and get rid of the specter of the past.

Time Limit: 1 hour

Compensation: ???

Failure: The contempt of One who Overcomes the Late Trials.

One who Overcomes the Late Trials was a constellation I had seen in Ways of
Survival.

As far as I knew, this guy was a constellation of a different world... well,
more of these constellations would start emerging in the fifth scenario.

In any case, this was a blessing in disguise. I threw Samyeongdang's Straw Mat
to Han Sooyoung.

"Wipe up your nosebleed and stay back."

"What?"

"It is enough."

I jumped over Han Sooyoung's avatars towards the group of werewolves.

\[6,000 coins have been invested in agility.\]

\[Agility Lv. 30 -> Agility Lv. 40\]

\[An amazing wind lies in your body.\]

\[15,500 coins have been invested in strength.\]

\[Strength Lv. 25 -> Strength Lv. 50\]

\[Your muscles are squirming like they are monsters.\]

I should've done this sooner. I had been too wary since being hit by the
'possibilities storm' not long ago.

\[The special option of Unbroken Faith is activated.\]

\[The ether property is converted to 'divine'.\]

There was no reason for me to lose this fight. I just had a momentary lapse in
judgment from the Fourth Wall shaking. If I thought about it, I had the means
to overpower these guys. In fact, I had many methods.

The werewolves collapsed before my blade. Werewolves had the dark attribute,
making them vulnerable to the divine attribute.

Moreover, I didn't need to worry about the 'no killing' penalty with them. As
I said, they were an outside species, not human. They weren't my kind any
more.

I found Song Minwoo's face among the werewolves. His eyes slowly grew larger
while Han Sooyoung's voice was heard behind me.

"Hey\! Is it okay?"

I didn't answer. In fact, this situation was almost exactly the same.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is shaking\!\]

However, it would turn out differently from earlier.

"It's okay. My awakening event is over."

I ran straight towards Song Minwoo.

Grrrrr\!

A few thoughts passed through my head. If I used Ganpyeongui and called the
'Hunter of the Hexagram', this game would end easily. But I wouldn't overcome
my trauma by fighting like that.

This time, I had to fight with my own capabilities.

\[The 6th grade outside species, Song Minwoo has triggered 'Accelerate Lv.
5\!'\]

Song Minwoo's body moved at great speed after Acceleration was triggered. He
already had level 40 agility and now his speed was increased with the effect
of Acceleration Lv. 5.

I didn't have any footwork skills so I was forced to use a shortcut.

\[7,000 coins have been invested in agility.\]

\[Agility Lv. 40 -> Agility Lv. 50\]

\[An amazing storm lies in your body.\]

If I didn't have skills, I could use stats. I lightly dodged the flying claws
and raised my blade.

"Kuaaaak\!"

His arm flew through the air and I cut off his other arm. The confused Song
Minwoo lost his balance. I didn't miss this opening and cut off his legs.

Song Minwoo roared as his limbs were severed in an instant. Along with the
roar, his severed limbs were growing back.

This was the privilege of a werewolf's 'Physical Regeneration'. However,
normally the speed was lower... this bastard, did he receive a 'protection'?

Yes... this was better.

\[The constellation 'One who Overcomes the Late Trials' is focused on your
actions.\]

The goal of the bounty scenario was to overcome the trauma. The constellation
wouldn't be satisfied with an easy kill. I turned off the blade and used my
fists instead.

\[8,000 coins have been invested in strength.\]

\[Strength Lv. 50 -> Strength Lv. 60\]

\[Your power has started to attract the attention of the giants.\]

\[Your total stats have almost reached the limit of this scenario.\]

I grabbed Song Minwoo's neck.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is shaking.\]

Whenever I looked at this guy's face, I felt the '17 year old Kim Dokja'
inside me shrink back.

Poor thing. From now on, I would get revenge for 'him'.

"Minwoo, I didn't greet your properly earlier."

"What...?"

"It is nice to see you."

I hit him in the stomach.

"Kuheeok\!"

"By the way, I was in pain a lot back then."

The 17 year old Kim Dokja was watching me in my memories. Feel free to watch.

"If you have a conscience, shouldn't you apologize first?"

I held him with one hand and continued to punch. The chest, the stomach and
the face.

"What is wrong with reading a novel? Eh? Did I harm you?" On behalf of the 17
year old Kim Dokja, I hit him again and again. "Bastard, I even used some
money to buy the books."

His teeth were broken, his chest muscles damaged and his bones shattered. The
nearby werewolves growled at the assault but couldn't come close. I was giving
out a Predator's Threat despite not using any skill.

Real fear came from a strength that was on a different dimension. 10 minutes
passed before Song Minwoo started begging.

Grrr\! "S-Sorry, I'm sorry...\!"

"Really? You're sorry?"

"Yes\! I'm really really sorry\! I-I was young at the time..."

Of course he was. I knew. That degree of malice was understandable in his
immature days. But.

"You must be mistaken... I wasn't trying to get an apology." This was something
that couldn't be understood or forgiven. "In the first place, I'm not the one
you should apologize to."

"What does that..."

"First, I will hit you until all my trauma has disappeared.

I watched the collapsed Song Minwoo and thought of my teen years. I was
helpless, weak and only knew novels.

In fact, Han Sooyoung was right. There was no obvious trauma in this world.

All trauma was severe for the person involved so I didn't think these actions
would completely eliminate my trauma.

I would often have nightmares as the 17 year old Kim Dokja repeated the
tragedy of that time.

Still, this might be a bit comforting. Just like when I read Ways of Survival
back then.

The 28 year old Kim Dokja might be able to help the 17 year old Kim Dokja
escape from the nightmare for a short time.

"Keok\! Cough\! S-Stop... stop..."

Just like 'Yoo Joonghyuk' was to me in those days.

"Keoook..."

How long did I hit him? Finally, there was a moment when I looked at Song
Minwoo's face and felt nothing.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall's' shaking has subsided.\]

\[You have met the conditions to clear the bounty scenario\!\]


