### Chapter 473: Ep. 90 - One Person, II

"Nice work, Sun Wukong\!\!"

The clearly-excited Han Sooyoung cried out.

Along with the 'ku-ru-ruk' noise, bloody foams rose up above the ocean. Not
too long after, 999th turn's Uriel revealed herself on the water's surface.
She must've ripped apart the surrounding aquatic creatures before rising up,
because her entire figure was bathed in a crimson hue.

Rather than betrayal, it was the sense of wonderment filling up her
expression.

...I can't believe it. Great Sage, even you're taking their side?

Eventually, that wonderment changed into a longing.

The Great Sage detected that change and asked her. \[Who might you be, acting
as if you know me?\]

I'm simply recalling a companion-in-arms I lost in the past. I don't have any
desire to fight against you. Get out of the way. All I want is the 'Secretive
Plotter'.

For sure, no will to battle could be felt from her voice.

However, the Great Sage still shook his head. \[I also dislike that dour
bastard, but...\]

As he smiled indifferently, incredible aura exploded forth from his entire
figure.

\[Our maknae will be troubled if that guy dies.\]

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is revealing his Status\!\]

He was the existence who finally liberated his Status previously restricted by
the headband, and he even acquired the powers of an Outer God after a partial
'Outer God Transformation' had taken place.

Yogoes that fought together with him during the Journey to the West Remake
were exiting from the portal to descend on the Pacific Ocean.

\[Monkeykingmonkeykingmonkeyking\]

'Outer Gods' worshipping different kings got into scuffles with one another.
The ocean soaked in blood tumbled over violently, and the 999th turn's Uriel
began gasping out.

And finally, the taut equilibrium began tilting to one side.

"It's working\! Keep pushing\!"

Along with Han Sooyoung's voice, <Kim Dokja's Company>'s great Stories began
telling their stories at the same time.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

Although the main shareholders Kim Dokja and Yoo Joonghyuk were missing, other
members still possessed not-too-shabby percentages of the Giant Stories'
shares. And also, there were some others who had finished getting ready and
were itching to unleash the final strike.

\[Only one sun in the sky is enough.\]

First, it was Surya appearing along with his train. And then...

\[Cutting down Outer Gods have become quite a habit now.\]

\[Let us combine our strengths, Breaking the Sky Saint.\]

"I'm also coming\!"

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios, plus Jang Hayoung, all joined
in.

And so, the 999th turn's Uriel was pushed on her back foot. Her expression was
gradually being dyed in confusion.

How... How can all of you be together? What kind of a world-line is this...??

She was panicking at the Giant Stories rushing in; their sizes were quite
large, but their contents proved to be even more problematic. Just how was it
possible that such a Story existed?

Just how...?

Three Transcendents riding on the train penetrated past the sun's heat
barrier. Then, an attack containing the outrageous amount of power that
combined \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\], \[Electrification\], and even
\[Breaking the Sky Force Punch\] shot out.

Just as that strike was about to sneak in through Uriel's opening and land on
her...

A chilling sensation suddenly enveloped the nape of Han Sooyoung's neck.

"No, stop\!"

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', is urgently revising the story\!\]

The powerful sensation only she could feel in this whole world arrested her.
And right next second, the noise akin to the time/space of the surrounding
dimension being squeezed dry rang out loudly.

Ka-dudududuk.

Han Sooyoung couldn't tell what was going on before her eyes.

What's this? Where is 'me' in this regression turn? Could I have been killed
already?

That rebellious voice sounded as if a portion of the abyss had been taken away
to mould it into reality.

The Transcendents approaching the rear of the Outer God to land the final
strike were falling to earth along with the destroyed train. Indescribably
dark \[Black Flames\] were burning on the ends of their clothing.

A lone man was standing amidst the gloomy, dark clouds in the sky. He was
someone Han Sooyoung also knew. She knew him so well that goosebumps were
breaking out on her skin.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is warning you of danger\!\]

The man slowly opened his mouth. Chet. I thought it was Jihye, what with this
much rampaging Status and all. Made a mistake since it's been so long and
all.

The sun of the 'Living Flame' emitted blinding rays of light. However, the
darkness belonging to the man grew even thicker in response, just like the
shadow lengthening against the light.

The 999th turn's Uriel spoke. 'The Monarch of the Great Abyss'. Just who
summoned a bastard like you to this world-line?

The nape of Han Sooyoung's neck grew icy; she remembered what Kim Dokja told
her about the ruler of the northern universe, the 'Monarch of the Great
Abyss'.

Hahah. You finally called me with that title. Besides all that, you look like
you're in a bit of trouble? Should I help you out?

The sun's corona flared up as if it was convulsing.

I don't need it. Help from a scoundrel like you is...

Don't be like that. We're 'companions' from the same regression turn, after
all.

The man cackled insidiously.

He was none other than the Delusion Demon Kim Namwoon who also witnessed the
999th turn's 'Conclusion'.

And the moment his gaze moved, Han Sooyoung felt a chill run down her entire
body.

I also wanna see the Black Dragon's face, since it's been a while.

Kim Namwoon was already right by her face and he began studying her with a
nefarious gaze.

  

* * *

  

When his eyes slowly opened up, Yoo Joonghyuk realized that he was wandering
within the darkness alone.

The last thing he could remember was him researching the sure-kill attack with
Kim Dokja. Something went wrong in the middle of that, and he lost his
consciousness...

\[Your soul form is currently in an unstable condition\!\]

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is currently in an illegible state.\]

When is that idiot Yoo Joonghyuk's birthday, again?

Fragmented memories occasionally drifted in. He heard a voice in between his
blurry consciousness. No, rather than a voice, it was far closer to letters,
instead.

Yoo Joonghyuk quickly recognised whose speech pattern it belonged to.

...The regression turn mentioned for the first time is...

That silly manner of speech capable of irritating a person to no end  only
Kim Dokja spoke like that in the entire world.

Ee-yah~, this part was really entertaining, wasn't it?

Sentences on the pages Kim Dokja was reading brushed past his eyes. Yoo
Joonghyuk saw himself fighting against Constellations right there.

The 1st regression turn, 41st, 666th...

Kim Dokja's fingers tracing the letters suddenly stopped. The information on a
certain regression turn could be spied in between his fingers lingering on for
the longest time.

The 999th turn.

Even Yoo Joonghyuk was aware of the events that happened during that
regression turn. The Hell of Eternity was informing him of the time he
couldn't remember through all the texts Kim Dokja had read.

The latter seemed to be muttering softly while reading about that regression
turn.

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk..."

The real Yoo Joonghyuk didn't know anything about the life supported by that
lame declaration.

'Yoo Joonghyuk' as read by Kim Dokja; his history remained like soot in
between the flow of the pages. Ostracised within school, tormented in his
part-time workplace by a boss busy stealing his wages, and going on a forced
march until soles of his feet became a bloodied mess during his army days 
Kim Dokja endured them all by calling himself Yoo Joonghyuk.

The latter simply couldn't understand the former.

He had no idea what it meant for the time he had to endure ending up saving
someone else living in a completely different world. He just didn't know what
it meant for a person to become more courageous by reading about someone
else's battles.

Not only that, Yoo Joonghyuk even found his own self as seen through those
texts utterly unfamiliar.

"I can still fight."

Did he really say that?

"Doesn't matter whether it's a hundred times or thousand, I shall continue to
be reborn to kill you all."

Was he really the kind of a person to say something like this?

The voices of the companions that trusted him could be found among the
countless texts.

Captain.

I only trust you.

You must save the world in the next turn.

The world-lines kept vanishing, the only things left behind being those
sentences. And as the volume of the words that tormented him increased, the
value of life itself became cheaper.

Just what did they see in him to fight alongside him?

'Who am I?'

Yoo Joonghyuk was overcome with emptiness as he stared at the words outside
his ability to comprehend.

1864 lifetimes.

He already knew what sort of a world he had to cross to get here.

However, he couldn't understand it at all.

Is this really everything of me, these memories?

Yoo Joonghyuk grew curious. If he was really nothing more than a 'character'
just as Kim Dokja said, then what happened to the 'time' he couldn't remember?

Where was himself not among the pages that Kim Dokja had read?

Or, did he not exist from the get-go?

\[Your Sponsor is looking closely at you.\]

Could he really be able to say from where his life had 'existed' and where it
ended?

Tsu-chuchuchut...

He reflexively looked back at the emptiness as soon as he felt the chilling
sensation. He found someone else other than him there.

Are you doing an introspection of yourself? You don't have the time to waste
like this.

Yoo Joonghyuk immediately recognised who it was.

'You shouldn't be able to move still'.

He glared at the 'Secretive Plotter'. He instinctively reached out towards his
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], but the familiar hilt was nowhere to be found.

This place was his imagined world. Items didn't exist here.

The 'Secretive Plotter' stared back at him and shook his head in
disappointment. At this rate, all of your companions will be annihilated.

'Annihilated?'

Cold sensation crept down his back.

His companions were about to enter a dangerous battle against the 'Outer God
King'. He could definitely sense the ominous aura flowing around in the
surroundings.

He needed to wake up at once. He needed to get out of here, and...

There's no point in going with your current state. If you can't utilise the
power of the 1863rd turn, then you won't prove to be any help whatsoever.

'So what? What are you saying?'

Yoo Joonghyuk growled menacingly, yet the Secretive Plotter remained
unruffled. You have another way of utilising the power of the 1863rd turn.

Right away, he deciphered the meaning behind those words.

The only reason why he could regain the power of the 1863rd turn for a short
moment was due to Kim Dokja's Story, Hell of Eternity. And the one who gave
that fool his Story was...

Yoo Joonghyuk gritted his teeth and asked.

'You expect me to trust you? And why are you trying to help us?'

I was asked for a favour.

'...A favour?'

I'll lend you my powers just this once. I hope that you learn something from
this.

The 'Secretive Plotter' reached out from the darkness. There was no time to
dodge, and the cold palm of a boy touched Yoo Joonghyuk's forehead. And then...

\['Disconnected Film Theory' is activating\!\]

Accompanied by pain severe enough to blank out the inside of his head, a
humongous Story flooded in. These were memories he already knew. However, they
were also the ones he failed to understand. Every Story of 'Secretive Plotter'
coursed within his bloodstreams while emitting white-hot heat.

The 1st turn, 2nd, 3rd, 4th... and then, 1863rd.

Countless Yoo Joonghyuks were waking up within him.

All of them were Yoo Joonghyuk. Each of them was Yoo Joonghyuk. But at the
same time, Yoo Joonghyuk was just one person.

The one person, who managed to live through 1864 lifetimes.

He began remembering things one by one.

Such as, who he was.

What he lived for.

Stories were circling around his vicinity. Within the Story, someone was
asking this.

"By the way, when is Captain's birthday?"

That prompted Kim Dokja to reply.

Ah, I found it. It was over here. Third of August.

Right. He was born in the summer. A hellishly hot and humid summer, when
horrible storms were lashing out.

He could remember everything so vividly now.

His birthday that no one celebrated or congratulated him for. All those
anniversaries that lost their meanings as he went through 1864 lifetimes.

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly opened his eyes. The energy of Story completely saturated
his whole body. This feeling was something he had not felt before during this
'3rd' turn.

He raised his head and sensed the hot rays of the sun.

Even so far away, he could still clearly sense it  the 'Outer God's' presence
calling out to him from beyond the faraway horizon. However, he didn't feel
scared.

He slowly raised his body up and confirmed the condition of his Incarnation
Body. Every single part of it was operating at a near-perfection.

Stories he had compiled so far were permeating within every fibre of his
being.

In that very moment, Yoo Joonghyuk felt as if he was reborn.

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', has recovered its complete
Status.\]

This was the true power he originally possessed, the Status of a being who
reached the final turn of the world and witnessed the 'Wall' by himself alone.

\['Disconnected Film Theory' is currently activating in an abnormal manner.\]

\[Connection between films is incomplete.\]

\[The entire film may cease to exist if this connection is forcibly
maintained.\]

He could only rely on this power for a brief time. However, it was more than
enough for him. Yoo Joonghyuk raised his head and looked up at the sky.

The heavens were screaming out. The flashes of lightning strikes vividly
illuminated the scars engraved on his face every so often.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Attribute, 'Terror of the Stars', is activating\!\]

His glare caused the stars to run away in fear.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at them for a moment, before his figure flashed towards
the distant sun.


