### Chapter 245: Ep. 46 - New Story, II

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' has placed one million coins on
the incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

The system message resonated in the hall and the attention of the
constellations focused on me. I bet my money on a fight that was obviously
disadvantageous. My actions intrigued some of the constellations.

\[The constellation 'Thursday's Thunder' is showing favourability to you.\]

\[The constellation 'Morning Star Goddess' is showing favourability to you.\]

However, only a few constellations showed such a response. Most of the
constellations were swept away by the heat of the gambling.

\[Hahaha\! You are crazy\! If so, I'll bet 500,000 coins\!\]

The Brash Swamp Predator, who bet on the Ice Flower Goddess from the
beginning, opened his mouth first. Then the watching constellations started to
join one by one.

\[The constellation 'Tranquil Island Gourmet' has placed 20,000 coins on the
constellation 'Zhuge Lingling'.\]

\[The constellation 'Master of the White Castle' has placed 30,000 coins on
the constellation 'Zhuge Lingling'.\]

...

The messages were pouring out. Most of them were messages giving coins to the
Ice Flower Goddess, Zhuge Lingling. I was the only one who was on Yoo
Joonghyuk's side.

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' has placed 300,000 coins on
the incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

...Huh?

I reflexively glanced at Persephone who was giving a mysterious smile. I asked
in a slightly worried tone, \[...Will it be okay?\]

\[Um? Why are you asking if it will be okay?\]

I was the one who had nothing to reply. Maybe it was nothing for Persephone to
bet 300,000 coins. By the way, there was a meddlesome man beside me.

\[Hum, old hag. Doesn't Hades nag you when you spend money like this?\]

\[I'm not a grandmother so the Mass Production Maker should mind your words.\]

\[An old woman at your age should eat moderately...\]

\[Watch your mouth unless you want to be stuck in Tartarus... wait, did you bet
as well?\]

The Mass Production Maker laughed at Persephone's question.

\[The constellation 'Mass Production Maker' has placed 150,000 coins on the
incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

The Mass Production Maker looked at me and said, \[I didn't bet a lot because
I didn't receive that much gold from this month's Dokkaebi Bag settlement.\]

In fact, he bet the exact price of Eoren's Sword that I bought. Maybe there
would be no income apart from the commission fee.

In any case, I was grateful to them. Thanks to this, more excited
constellations were betting coins.

\[The constellation 'Goddess of Joy and Celebration' has placed 50,000 coins
on the constellation 'Zhuge Lingling'.\]

The coins placed on the bets snowballed and soon surpassed six million coins.
Now the constellations of the Gourmet Association couldn't help shifting their
gaze to one place.

\[Die\! Kill him quickly\!\]

\[I'll kill you if I lose my coins\!\]

They were no different from the human spectators in the arena... I felt
strangely excited despite experiencing these 'stories'. The Mass Production
Maker laughed as if he read my heart.

\[I've gone through these 'stories' so I'm hungrier for these stories.\]

\[...Maybe not.\]

\[Whether it is a constellation or human, they are all just children in front
of the story. By the way, is there a chance of winning?\]

\[Do you feel uneasy?\]

\[No, it isn't like that...\]

\[If there isn't a chance to win, I'll have to make it.\]

To be precise, I had to make it a high multiplier. If Yoo Joonghyuk died, this
round would be ruined. If the situation was like this, it was better to do it
properly.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

We couldn't lose.

\[You can't connect with the current target.\]

Shit, Yoo Joonghyuk... I was still getting this message. However, it wasn't the
only method.

"Biyoo."

\[Baat.\]

As I waited, Biyoo moved her hand and a personal panel popped up in front of
me. The screen soon unfolded.

The Brash Swamp Predator cried out strangely and let out a terrible poisonous
fog.

Uwaaaack\!

Everyone touched by the smoke screamed as they oxidized. Judging from the
Brash Swamp Predator's state, he was using roughly one-third of his status.
One-third was enough to ruin the venue. The surrounding constellations were
also supporting his use of probability.

The grounds of the venue were split apart by the monster's feet. It was a
terrible destructive power. However, it wasn't as strong compared to Peace
Land or Dark Castle. At those times, the outer gods had descended.

Still, there was no guarantee that this situation was better than Peace Land
or Dark Castle. In Peace Land, there was the Paradox Baekchung, Kyrgios. In
Dark Castle, there was Goryeo's First Sword.

...Then who was present now?

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at incarnation Yoo
Joonghyuk.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk frowned at my message. "...Kim Dokja. Is your work finished?"

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says it is still in progress.\]

"Still?"

At this moment, a shadow of suspicion filled Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes. Yoo
Joonghyuk stared at the Brash Swamp Predator and asked, "Perhaps... did this guy
appear because of you?"

The bastard noticed quickly.

"...Kim Dokja?" He was filled with tremendous anger.

I reached out as an apology.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' has sponsored 100 coins to the
incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

"I don't need it\!"

Then the Brash Swamp Predator moved. He was an ancient lizard that governed
all the swamps on his planet. The embodiment of his head was suddenly rising
from the back of the Ice Flower Goddess who had become a lizard.

There was a terrible scream as the incarnation was deprived of her body. The
lizard screamed and rushed forward, swinging a huge tail towards Yoo
Joonghyuk. The tail of the lizard smashed through Yoo Joonghyuk's Strong Self-
Defense and he was hit hard.

"Kuk..."

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't seem to have reached the second stage of transcendence
yet. Well, it would be impossible for even Yoo Joonghyuk to reach the second
stage of transcendence in just two weeks.

It could be called a devil's talent that he could drive the first stage Ice
Flower Goddess to such a state.

Then there wasn't much time.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is making a request.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk had experienced Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint several times and
should I what I was asking for. By the way, Yoo Joonghyuk's reaction was
unexpected. "I don't want to."

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says if this continues, everyone
will die.\]

"I won't die."

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' says it isn't the time to be
stubborn.\]

I wasn't convinced I could knock down that monster even if I used
Electrification in Yoo Joonghyuk's body. There might be a way to use the
Fourth Wall like last time but it was only possible for constellations who
used mental skills.

Yoo Joonghyuk used swift footwork to attack and the Brash Swamp Predator once
again prepared his poison. Based on the number of sparks around his mouth,
this was a really devastating attack.

I urged Yoo Joonghyuk but Yoo Joonghyuk was adamant. "Go and do what you have
to do, Kim Dokja."

I panicked at the unexpected action. No, why was this bastard so stubborn
today? I hurriedly looked around. Since it was like this, I had to borrow
another hand, even if the martial arts competition was ruined.

In this place, there was only one person strong enough to help us. The
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, Namgung Minyoung. She was a powerhouse who
wouldn't be pushed by Kyrgios or Cheok Jungyeong. Thus, she could deal with
this monster alone. Soon afterwards, I found the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint
sitting in the audience while eating dumplings.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is asking for help.\]

Despite my message, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint just kept chewing the
dumplings. She sometimes fed dumplings to the Breaking the Sky Master lying
next to her. In the seats below them, Jang Hayoung and Han Myungoh were
sitting beside each other while also eating dumplings.

...What were these humans doing? Then I once again sent a message.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation'...\]

At this moment, Yoo Joonghyuk spoke. "...Shin Yoosung. Are you listening?"

Biyoo appeared along with these words.

\[...Baat?\]

"Turn off Kim Dokja's screen."

Biyoo glanced at Yoo Joonghyuk like it was difficult. I didn't know how much
of Shin Yoosung's memories survived but when I thought about it, these two
people had a very complex relationship.

Nevertheless, this was a story from before her rebirth. Now it was different.
There was no reason for Biyoo to listen to Yoo Joonghyuk when she was my
dokkaebi. Yet Biyoo sitting on my shoulders suddenly looked at me with a sorry
expression.

\[Baat, baaat...\]

"...Biyoo?"

\[Baaat... Ku...kuooh...\]

There was absurd acting and Biyoo pretended to fall asleep. At the same time,
my personal panel turned off and Yoo Joonghyuk's appearance disappeared.

\[You have been disconnected.\]

"No, what is this...\!"

I didn't know what was happening. Why did Biyoo act like this all of a sudden?
There was no mention of this situation in the revised Ways of Survival?

Waaahhhhhhhh\!

There was a sudden scream and I turned my attention to the panel installed on
the stage.

\[That...?\]

The surprised constellations started moving towards the panel. Persephone and
the Mass Production Maker were also approaching the panel. The screen was
completely obscured by the more than 100 constellations gathered in front of
it.

\[No, wait a minute\! Let me look\!\]

I tried to enter any gaps but the cluster of constellations was too hard. All
I could hear was the sound of thunder from the screen. Still, it was clear
from the sound alone.

It was the Breaking the Sky Thunder Sword. It was the real thunder sword,
unlike what I had stolen. It seemed to be a devastating hit as the Brash Swamp
Predator let out a huge scream.

The answer was obvious even without looking. Fortunately, there was the
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

I let out a sigh of relief. Yoo Joonghyuk was unharmed because the Breaking
the Sky Sword Saint had acted. Thanks to this, the martial arts competition
would be cancelled but it was better than Yoo Joonghyuk dying.

Then someone suddenly shouted,

Oh, the disciple of the Breaking the Sky Sword\!

Breaking the Sky Sword Beauty\!

...Breaking the Sky Sword Beauty?

\[We shouldn't disparage an incarnation's martial arts.\]

\[H-How is this... wasn't it only the power of transcendence...?\]

\[Hahaha, it is an interesting ability. Is it something that Asgardian person
did?\]

\[It isn't to my taste.\]

The true voices in the halls were becoming heated up for an unknown reason.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is astonished.\]

\[The constellation who likes to change sex is struggling with pleasure.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is shedding resentful tears.\]

The channel and the banquet hall. I was dizzy from the indirect messages
coming from everywhere.

\[My coins\! No\! My coins...\!\]

\[Uwaaaaaah\!\]

No, what the hell was going on? I held my breath and used my 'status' to move
through the constellations. I barely reached the front of the panel and
another tremendous lightning attack came from the screen. The entire screen
turned white from the powerful lightning.

The light slowly faded and once it disappeared, black ashes were scattered
like snow. In front of my eyes, one man was standing still. It was the
appearance of Yoo Joonghyuk who had raised his sword with an arrogant
expression.

Under his feet while a giant lizard charred by lightning. Yoo Joonghyuk
stepped off the lizard's body and walked to one corner of the venue, pulling
out something black that had been plugged in.

There is no second place in this competition.

It was the Black Heavenly Demon Sword.

Thus, this is mine.

Then the host's voice rang out.

The winner of the Martial Arts Competition has been decided\!

I didn't know how such a thing was possible. I rubbed my eyes and glanced
again. The situation was still the same. It wasn't the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint but... Yoo Joonghyuk?

The winner is the Breaking the Sky Sword Beauty, Yoo Joonghyuk\!

No, what the hell was the Breaking the Sky Sword Beauty...? My questions didn't
last for long. It was due to the overwhelming system messages that entered my
ears.

\[The sub scenario  Gourmet Association Betting has been completed.\]

\[You have won the bet.\]

\[You have acquired a new story\!\]

\[The story 'Miracle Gambler' has been acquired.\]

Then there was the sound of coins falling.

\[The sub scenario compensation has been acquired.\]

I reflexively checked my number of coins. The numbers slowly creaked up, as if
it was too hard to handle.

\[Coins Possessed: 1,986,725 C\]

...

\[Coins Possessed: 2,790,876 C\]

...

\[Coins Possessed: 3,890,875 C\]

The coins that the constellations bet were being stacked up like snow on my
balance.


