### Chapter 375: Ep. 71 - 50 years later, III

While on our way to the audience chamber, I continued to engage Bilston in
conversation. "Bilston-nim. By any chance, have you lost anything recently?
Maybe often, as well? For instance, an empty cartridge..."

"Pardon?"

\[A term not fitting the worldview has been used and therefore...\]

"I mean, such as misplacing a portable magical explosive..."

"Your highness, do I look like such a pathetic fool capable of doing that?"

I just couldn't think of what to say here.

When looking at that stiff walking posture or the firm pectoral muscles, or
even that slightly dopey expression on his face, this guy was definitely Lee
Hyunsung, but... But, according to 'Character List', he was not him, but the
character of this world's setting, 'Bilston Framer'.

I re-read the 'Overall Evaluation' portion at the bottom of the Character
List.

 Once upon a time, there used to be two souls living within this body. He was
a knight of the kingdom, and at the same time, a shield of someone else.

The 'knight of the kingdom' bit must be referring to 'Bilston Framer', while
the 'shield' bit must be referring to Lee Hyunsung.

 The shield waited for his master to appear. He waited, and then, waited some
more. Finally, the master of the shield has appeared after a long wait, but
the shield can no longer perform its role anymore.

The most important portion was this part. I kind of realized that Lee Hyunsung
had been waiting for other companions to arrive.

The issue here was with the number  just how much time was this 'long wait'
thing implying here?

"Your highness?"

I couldn't help but feel complicated when looking at the man staring back at
me with those dopey eyes.

There were only two things I could be sure of at the current juncture.

One, Lee Hyunsung had been entered into this scenario far earlier than me.

Two, he had been swallowed up by this world's Giant Story and his ego had
disappeared.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is smacking its lips in your
direction.\]

\['The Fourth Wall' is glaring at 'Kaizenix Archipelago'.\]

In that case, could the others who didn't possess \[The Fourth Wall\] have
ended up in the same state as Lee Hyunsung?

"Your highness, did something happen?"

I wordlessly stared into Bilston's large eyes.

This guy was definitely Lee Hyunsung. But, could he really be called 'Lee
Hyunsung' right now?

"I'm sorry, Bilston-nim."

"I beg your pardon? Why so suddenly..."

"I must've put you through a lot of hardship. I know that it was difficult for
you to protect me until now."

I wasn't addressing Bilston Framer right now.

"I always used the excuse of being too busy and didn't take good care of you.
Even though you have saved my life several times already."

Lee Hyunsung helped me out many times during our journey towards this
scenario. I had enough chances to share a deep, meaningful and personal
conversation with him, but as it was the usual case, his spot in the queue
continued to get pushed back under the pretext of me preparing for the next
scenario.

I believed that we understood each other without the need to say something. I
believed that the Stories we earned together could ably sub for us in that
regard.

And the end result of that was this.

Bilston must've thought of something after he heard me because he wiped his
nostrils while shifting his gaze to the outside view.

"Your highness, you really do possess a warm, gentle heart."

\[Character, 'Bilston Framer', has been moved deeply by you.\]

...I wasn't trying to impress him but someone else, though.

Without saying anything else, we continued down the long hallway.

Portraits of the previous kings lined up the walls of the hallway in sequence.
The one that caught my eyes the most among them was a depiction of a lone man
holding up a broken sword in the middle of a storm.

 The First Ancestor, the Storm King Ulysses Kaizenix the First.

I stopped walking for a moment and studied that painting.

"It has been my honour to serve you throughout my life, your highness."

I turned my head around, and Bilston began telling his tale as thick teardrops
formed around his eyes. He locked his gaze at the distant parapets of the
castle and continued on.

"Can you still remember it? I almost lost you when you were around seven years
old, your highness."

"...Mm?"

"Just by recalling the sight of you precariously dangling on the castle's
parapet still causes my heart to tumble to the pits of my stomach, your
highness. Was that all? When you were thirteen years old, you went to the
lavatory and then..."

Hey, hang on a minute, this dude... He's way too similar to Lee Hyunsung, wasn't
he?

"But then, you're still worried about this lowly one even until the last
moment..."

"Last moment??"

Bilston stared back at me with sorrowful eyes, before quickly avoiding meeting
my gaze.

"...We've arrived. Let us go inside."

The doors to the audience chamber were before us already; they opened up to
reveal the royal guards lining up on either side of the red carpet. And the
captain of the guards, decked out in the silver crest, stood proudly in the
middle.

"Bilston-nim, why are you so late?"

"I was sharing a final goodbye with his highness the prince."

There were several spots in their conversation that I wanted to butt in, but
thanks to the overall atmosphere, I couldn't squeak a word out.

Bilston, who had been in a tearful mood only a minute ago was now carrying a
grave, serious expression. The gazes of two people growling at each other
collided in mid-air.

The captain continued on. "A final goodbye, is it. A traitor found guilty of
high treason dares to enjoy unnecessary luxury."

"You better watch what you say."

The two of them got into a battle stance simultaneously. Bilston pulled out a
bastard sword, while the captain... Eh?

...Why was this person carrying that sword?

Indeed, the weapon held in the captain's hands was something that I was
intimately familiar with. I personally collected the materials and had it
crafted for the sake of a certain someone, after all.

\[Sword of Judgement\]

"Bilston-nim, do you wish to become another dewdrop of the execution ground
alongside your prince?"

The captain's red eyes wavered threateningly from beyond 'his' helm.

"Oh, my king... If you will it, then so be it..."

"Dokja-ssi, you're trying to do it by yourself again... I told you not to do
that, didn't I?"

I knew who this person was.

"Stop, both of you\!\!"

Bilston heard my urgent cry and stopped gathering momentum, and stepped back.
Meanwhile, the captain of the guard, glaring at me with hostile eyes, removed
'his' helm.

And 'his' face matched exactly that of Jung Heewon's.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Character List', is activating\!\]

<Character Summary>

Name: Erich Striker \(???\)

Age: 37

Sponsor: None

Exclusive Attributes: Loyal Servant, Swordmaster

Exclusive Skills: \[Demon Slaying Lv.10\], \[Kingdom's Royal Swordsmanship
Lv.10\]...

Stigma: None

Overall Stats: \[Physique Lv.75\], \[Strength Lv.80\], \[Agility Lv.90\],
\[Magic Power Lv.70\]

Overall Evaluation: Once upon a time, there used to be two souls living within
this body. 'He' was the Guard Captain of the kingdom, and at the same time, a
sword of someone else. The sword waited for that someone to appear with the
shield. 'He' waited, and then, waited some more. Finally, the sword met the
one he'd been waiting for after all this time, but 'he' can no longer remember
him.

Bloody hell, even Jung Heewon was in that state, too?

The captain staring at me with quiet, still eyes eventually spoke up. "It
seems that the prince is aware of the situation he is in. Guards, place the
criminal under arrest."

...Under arrest?

I was caught by the guards without a chance to resist. But then again, I
couldn't fight back even if I wanted to, what with this body's average Stats
being only 10.

I could see the guillotine beyond the lines of the guards. Only then did I
realize why I was brought to this place in the first place.

It was quite likely that this scenario would begin with my execution.

  

* * *

  

Among all the novels I read in the past, there was this genre referred to as
the so-called 'hooligan tales'.

The story usually went along the lines of the hooligan protagonist being born
as the last-born child of a royal family or nobility, and he'd become a better
person by going through all sorts of trials and tribulations.

Now normally, most of those stories began in a similar way.

The Kaizenix Royal Family was ruined.

Such as, the family being ruined even before the start, and...

The ruler of the Archipelago died after being stabbed by the dagger of his
most trusted adviser.

...And, he'd fall into moments of mortal danger after his parents and best
friends were killed off.

The Second Prince, renowned for his mastery of the sword, and the Third
Prince, renowned for his magical prowess, lost their lives at the hands of the
usurpers.

...What the hell. What was I supposed to do when such important memories came
back to me only just now?

"I shall guide the criminal personally."

All thanks to that, I ended up delivering myself to my own execution ground
like an idiot. Many different thoughts floated up in my head; I was wondering
why this wastrel killed himself, but huh, maybe he didn't want to be executed?

Bilston, now being forcibly held back by the guards, could only call out to me
in desperation. "Your highness\! Prince Ricardo\!\!"

The captain grabbed a hold of my hair and dragged me towards the gallows. If
Jung Heewon's consciousness was still here, this would've turned into a rather
amusing spectacle, but alas.

I spotted a lunette designed to perfectly accommodate my neck. In a short
while, I'd be forced up on the gallows and have my head cut off. And when that
happened, I'd fail this scenario.

\[Unique Skill, 'the Fourth Wall', is strongly activating\!\]

I looked up at the face of the Guard Captain and asked 'him'. "Are you really
going to do this?"

The captain smirked back. "Oh, so you feel scared now that you've come this
far?"

"That's not it."

"Then what?"

"Didn't you promise to become my sword?"

A faint sense of fluster floated up on the Captain's face.

"What rubbish are you spewing now?"

"Have you forgotten your pledge already? Was that all a lie, your promise of
seeing the end of the scenario alongside me?"

\[Character, 'Erich Striker', is feeling a small amount of confusion towards
you.\]

"Looks like you've begun rambling nonsense now that you're about to die."

Just like it was with Lee Hyunsung, Jung Heewon's ego didn't want to return
that quickly.

The coldness of the wooden lunette surrounded my neck. It was at this point in
time that someone loudly shouted out.

"Her majesty is making her entrance\!"

I heard the sounds of curtains being pulled back. Someone was walking towards
the audience chamber enveloped in still silence. The footsteps sounded
dignified, light, but at the same time, weighty. Accompanying those footsteps,
Ricardo's memories flowed into my head like a song.

The enemy of my father and my brothers.

The Dark Magician of the Kaizenix Archipelago.

The regicide.

And...

My heart began powerfully pounding away.

The woman that I used to love.

"Convict, raise your head."

I slowly raised my head and saw a short-statured 'king', decked out in a black
medieval-style cloak embroidered in silver, with neat and tidy tights
underneath.

"Do you have any final words?"

I dazedly stared at this 'king' and murmured something inside my mouth.

\[Exclusive Skill, 'Character List', is activating\!\]

\[Due to an unknown reason, only a portion of the applicable individual's
information can be viewed.\]

<Character Summary>

Name: ???

Age: 50

Overall Evaluation: The applicable individual's? overall? rating? is still
being pre?pared.

The info on the 'King' didn't show up properly. However, her face looked to be
in her early 20s no matter how hard I looked.

I stared at the face of this king, the one that couldn't be the age as
declared by the Character Summary, for a long time.

Both Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon were characters from the pages of the 'Ways
of Survival'. However, what would it be like for someone who wasn't a
character, to begin with?

Just like me, who wasn't the character of the novel?

I was holding onto a certain expectation, a hope.

"I asked you if you have any last words."

If it was her, wouldn't she be able to remember me?

He didn't know that, by the time Kim Dokja got to meet her again, 50 years
would have passed by already.

Those were the words from the final revision of the novel that I saw just
before I was thrust into the scenario.

So, this was what they meant, huh.

"I have."

"Then, I permit the convict to speak."

"I..." I forced a smile and spoke up. "...I'm sorry that I came so late, Sooyoung-
ah."

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

Powerful sparks wrapped around me from my declaration that didn't align with
the worldview's Probability. I had to say those words out loud, though.

It was unknown how Han Sooyoung took my words, but she simply continued to
look down on me without any movement whatsoever. But then, she slowly lowered
her head and matched my eye level.

Her emotionless eyes; the beauty spot just below one of them; and her lips
that always mocked me for fun, now arching up in a smooth line.

"Proceed with the execution."

The guillotine's blade chopped down. But, I didn't try to dodge it.

I had my reasons, of course.

Scenarios of the Main Island are all based off on the '3rd generation of
Stories'.

If my thoughts were correct, then 'Ricardo Kaizenix' would not be killed off
in this manner.

Ka-booooom\!\!

One of the castle's walls exploded, and at the same time, the guillotine
falling down was destroyed. I could see the broken blade of the guillotine
through the grey dust cloud rising up.

"It's the Revolutionaries\!"

"Protect her majesty, now\!"

Amidst the chaos, I could hear the loud shouts of the royal guards. Soon, the
audience chamber became the scene of pure pandemonium filled with pained moans
and screams.

"Damn it, it's the First Prince\!"

"Stop him\! You must stop him at all cost\!"

It was the First Prince of the Kaizenix Archipelago  Ricardo's blood brother,
as well as a genius in swordsmanship and magic as well as academia.

"I've come to save my dongsaeng."

I was greeted by this overflowing sense of happiness. When the arrestingly-
beautiful sword light danced and sparkled within the audience chamber, the
royal guards rushing in all collapsed one after another like puppets with
strings cut.

There was someone who'd never change even if the worldview or scenarios around
him did. Indeed, there would ever be only one such person even if you searched
through this entire world-line.

But, I closed my lips just as they opened up half-way. I wasn't sure why,
though.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is enjoying the bloody, gory battle.\]

My companions so far had forgotten about me. I was sure it'd be the same story
for that dude, too. In a way, it might be the best thing for him, I thought.

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', has begun its storytelling.\]

It was then  the First Prince suddenly glared at me.

And then, a message popped up in my head.

 You fool. You must be Kim Dokja.


