### Chapter 412: Ep. 78 - Twist/, IV

While stuck inside the fog that blocked their view, Yoo Joonghyuk addressed
his companions first. "I shall be the one to save him."

The \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] in his hand began emitting the pure-blue
light.

"All of you are too exhausted. So, it's only correct that I continue on.
Transfer your remaining magical energy to me."

That prompted Jung Heewon to unsheathe the \[Sword of Judgement\] and speak.
"Your own condition is just as messy as ours. I should be the one to go,
instead."

His brows quivered slightly. This would be the first time she came out this
forcefully.

"Both of you better get out of my way\! I alone am more than enough\!"

And now, even Han Sooyoung butted in.

The gazes of the two locked in a staring contest shifted over to her. Their
eyes so clearly implied, "We get why we want to go, but what's up with you
now?" causing her to pout unhappily.

"Why are you staring at me like that for? What, I shouldn't rescue Kim Dokja?"

"I thought you didn't like Dokja-ssi?"

"Ah, of course I don't like him."

Now normally, she'd have dumped such annoying responsibility on Yoo
Joonghyuk's shoulders. Unfortunately, she had a reason to step up this time
around.

Just as Kim Dokja rushed forward aboard Surya's train, a message from him flew
in at her, that was why.

 Hey, you're going to rescue me, right?

...If only she didn't hear that message.

Han Sooyoung grumbled inwardly and was about to open her lips to speak, only
for Jung Heewon to snatch the initiative away. "I'm sorry, but Dokja-ssi
personally asked me to save him. So, I can't yield to you nor to this guy, not
this time."

"What rubbish are you talking about? Kim Dokja asked me to save him."

"Stop lying. There's no way he'd ask you to do that."

"Argh, I'm not lying, it's the truth\! You think I'm a habitual liar just
because my job was a writer?"

Their gazes collided in mid-air.

And at that very moment, Han Sooyoung was overcome with this rather strange
feeling.

Initially, she thought that Jung Heewon was lying in order to save that moron
up there. But when she thought about it some more, this woman wasn't the type
to lie about stuff like that.

She abruptly turned her head to the side, only to find Yoo Joonghyuk forming a
scary scowl.

"Hey, by any chance, you..."

With indescribable rage filling up his expression, he then began glaring at
the distant star. It was at this point that Han Sooyoung finally realized
something.

...Hang on, could this be?

"Could that bastard Kim Dokja...?\!"

The star continued to faintly shine in the distance. It was almost as if she
could glimpse Kim Dokja's smirking face there.

  

* * *

  

Ku-gugugu...

The hole in the sky the Great Sage had opened up was gradually filling back
up. The clones hesitating in fear regained themselves and the fog of darkness
was blanketing the world once more.

And then, the noise from the Apocalypse Dragon's shockwave reverberated around
like crashing waves. Constellations were jolted wide awake and they all looked
up at the Great Sage.

\[My bad, but I can't do that for the second time. I'm already breaking the
rules as is.\]

The Great Sage spun the Ruyi Bang around, and as if he found it all rather
annoying, shrunk the pole to store it inside his ear.

\[Nebula <Emperor>'s 'Promise' has been invoked against the Constellation,
'Prisoner of the Golden Headband'\!\]

The Great Sage that was pressuring the 'Indescribable Distance' until now
began scattering away. As if his body was being torn into several pieces, his
clear-as-day Status began crumbling away  and right before the end, he issued
one final message.

\[Hey, you lot. If you keep standing around looking dazed, you'll all die
soon.\]

\[Everyone, attack\! If we're pushed back now, we'll all die for sure\!\]

Dionysus and the Constellations of <Olympus> had replenished their energy by
then, and unleashed their Statuses towards the sky. Those from <Underworld>
also stopped preserving their strengths and made their move, as well. The
Korean Peninsula's Constellations concentrated their powers on Lee Jihye, and
soon, \[Turtle Dragon\]'s cannons fired blinding rays of energy. Some began
fighting, while some began resisting.

It was not the same for everyone, however.

Like falling meteors, stars from the sky continued to fall.

Constellations from <Vedas> and <Papyrus> trying to escape  stars with their
Modifiers already known, and those who weren't, were caught up in the battle
for supremacy between the Apocalypse Dragon and an Outer God, and were
crashing to the ground  as if to announce that the age of the stars was
coming to an end.

Metatron was looking up at the sky.

The information Jophiel, the Commander of the Red Cosmos, had sent from the
1863rd turn didn't mention any of this.

Currently, both of his hands were occupied with creating the sealing tool to
seal away the Apocalypse Dragon. This tool, created by gathering every Story
of <Eden> as well as those belonging to Absolute Good.

Jophiel said as thus:

 Scribe, you'll die using this, but the world will remember the 'Good' once
more.

She definitely said that. So how come...

\[The target cannot be sealed.\]

Even though the sealing tool was almost complete, the Apocalypse Dragon
couldn't be sealed away. He didn't know why. He couldn't even figure out how
and from where things went wrong, either.

Was it due to reviving the Dragon too early?

Or, could it be because the 'Indescribable Distance' had interfered?

Was the 'Demon King of Salvation' the main culprit as he suspected?

...If they were all wrong, then maybe, Jophiel...?

At the end of his vision, he saw Michael, inching closer to his death with
half of his Incarnation Body gone. As long as <Eden> existed, he'd be able to
revive, but with this, the Nebula would disappear. Not just it, though, but
even the entirety of <Star Stream> would start crumbling away.

\[Have you already given up? That's quite unlike you.\]

Metatron looked back and his expression hardened instantly. \[Did you come
here to kill me?\]

\[You'd die anyway even if I don't do anything, so why should I even bother?\]

The Ruler of East Hell, Agares, cackled raucously before frowning a bit.

\[Oldest Evil has begun its storytelling.\]

With that message, Metatron realized why Agares had come back here.

The Archangel spoke. \[...For a short while there, I was envious of you. Envious
of the fact that you could so easily abandon the Story of 'Evil' and leave,
just like that.\]

\[Lying is one of the virtues of 'Evil'. Have you forgotten that already?\]

Agares laughed again, sounding as if he was sick and tired of it. Metatron
understood the meaning of that laughter better than anyone.

The 'Good and Evil'; they might be on the opposing sides, but they understood
each other better than anyone else in this world.

They would not be able to escape from this 'Story' until their dying moments.
Because this Story was already 'them' by now.

\[Oldest Good has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Oldest Evil has...\!\]

\[Shut up. Just how long will this stinking story continue its 'beginning'
crap?\] Agares scowled after seeing the Stories rise up.

\[Oldest Evil is quietly staring at the 'Ruler of East Hell'.\]

\[It's about time you stop, don't you think?\]

Agares shoved his hand into his inner pocket and pulled out a rolled
cigarette. Accompanied by the 'chi-eeck' noise, the cigarette was lit on fire
and the smoke spread around in the air. The number of stars falling continued
to increase and the clones of the 'Indescribable Distance' began to devour all
the fallen Constellations. And from afar, the Apocalypse Dragon's roar could
be heard, too.

\[What a spectacular scenery this is. It's the ideal stage to end this long,
dragged-out fight.\]

The leaders of the 'Good' and the 'Evil' stared at this spectacle. The tragedy
taking place here all began with these two.

It was around then that they heard a bizarre noise coming from behind. A clone
had snuck closer without being detected and had its maw wide open in
Metatron's direction.

\[Demon King, the 'Ruler of East Hell', is revealing his Status\!\]

Ku-dududu\!

The clone rushing in to rip and devour the Archangel at any second faltered
and stopped moving. Agares's hands reached out and grabbed hold of the clone's
mouth trying to shut close.

He was none other than the Demon King ranked second in the hierarchy. Out of
the current crop of Demon Kings, he was the only one capable of contending for
supremacy against a Myth-grade Constellation.

Agares spoke while chewing on the cigarette. \[What are you blankly looking
at? Were you planning to become a martyr or something?\]

\[Although it was only for a brief moment, I did think that maybe that's not
such a bad idea.\]

\[You should finish the things you've started first. I'm telling you to finish
the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' properly as befitting the high-and-mighty
'Scribe of Heaven'.\]

\[It's impossible. The power of the Apocalypse Dragon is far greater than I
expected.\]

\[Using the Wall's power should be sufficient.\]

\[Even resorting to that power isn't enough to seal the Apocalypse Dragon
away.\]

\[I figured as much. However, you'll still be able to save the ones here.
After all, the 'Wall' exists to protect something, doesn't it?\]

Those words caused Metatron's eyes to tremble. \[...What are you talking
about?\]

\[You always needed to be told twice before you could understand.\]

Agares was there, still pouring out the vicious Status towards the clones.
Metatron had fought against that Demon King for a very long time.

Even then, he had never seen that kind of an expression from the latter
before.

At that moment, Good and Evil looked at each other.

The Demon King's eyes looked at the other dying Demon Kings and Archangels.
\[Wouldn't 'Good and Evil' be able to carry on to the next generation only
after these fools are saved from this mess?\]

\[That is a funny thing for a Demon King to say.\]

\[I'm only saying it now, but to me, you don't look much like an Archangel
yourself.\]

Metatron heard Agares's sullen voice and couldn't help but feel strange. Why
did the demon he fought against for such a long time feel so, so close today?

Were their current actions for the sake of Good or for Evil? Metatron couldn't
tell.

But, he was sure of one thing.

\[Story of the Most Ancient 'Good and Evil' is looking at you.\]

Even if they had become the Story itself, what they chose to do now wasn't
because Stories told them to do so.

\[I can't do this alone.\]

\[I know.\]

\['Wall that Divides Good and Evil' is violently shaking\!\]

With one wall between them, the representatives of 'Good' and 'Evil' extended
their hands towards each other.

\[Even if we save them here, we still can't stop the Apocalypse.\]

\[I also know that.\] Agares placed his hand on top of the sealing tool
Metatron had created. \[But then, that's not a problem we should worry
about.\]

The Archangel and the Demon King held each other's hands. With that, the
sealing tool emitted blinding rays of light and began expanding at a rapid
pace.

And soon, it couldn't be called a tool anymore, but a large ship, instead.

Ku-gugugugu\!

It was an ark that once upon a time protected all beings above ground from the
destruction of a world. A mythical vessel that descended to the world in order
to protect life itself against the Great Flood.

Metatron spoke. \[Evacuate the Constellations.\]

\[Understood, Scribe.\]

The 'Master of the Ark' standing among the Constellations heard Metatron's
call and took command of the vessel. The surviving Valkyries began helping the
Constellations and Incarnations in the near vicinity to board the ark one by
one.

However, Metatron and Agares had to support the Ark's Story and couldn't board
it themselves. It wasn't only those two who knew that fact, unfortunately.

\[You've done something quite foolish, oh Ruler of the East Hell.\]

\[Asmodeus.\]

Not even giving him time to say something, Asmodeus's claws penetrated deeply
into Agares's heart. Even then, the latter's expression remained unflustered
as he stared at the face of impending death.

Looking displeased by that expression, Asmodeus spoke. \[Why don't you give up
the 'Wall' to me now? You no longer have the qualifications to represent
'Evil'.\]

The claws sunk in even deeper and dug out Agares's innards. Pitch-black
Stories dripped out as the Demon King spoke. \[What a persistent bastard you
are. Why do you desire the 'Wall' this badly anyway? Do you honestly believe
that you can become a god by possessing the 'Wall'?\]

\[I know very well that possessing it won't turn me into a god. However, at
the bare minimum, I'd become one of the cowards belonging to the 'Final
Scenario'.\]

\[I see. So, you knew about the 'Final Scenario', didn't you...\]

Agares chuckled bitterly, but then, madness suddenly brushed past his eyes.

\[Sorry, but you can't become the owner of that 'Wall'.\]

\[That's not for you to decide. Besides, when you die, your 'Wall' will...\]

\[You see, I've already handed my 'Wall' over to someone else.\]

\[That sort of a...\]

It was then, Asmodeus's shoulders suddenly flinched. Through the instincts of
a Demon King, it realized that what Agares had said was true.

\[...Just to who?\]

\[Well now, that's something for you to find out.\]

Asmodeus roared out in anger and its claws pierced into Agares's neck. As the
fragments of Stories splattered around like real blood, the latter looked up
into the sky.

\[Isn't this quite beautiful, Metatron? This is our end.\]

The duet of 'Good and Evil' dimly continuing on was now flowing within the
night sky of the apocalypse.

He saw the cascading meteor shower and grinned brightly.

  

* * *

  

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is currently activating
'Sacrificial Will Lv.9'\!\]

"That's really pissing me off. Seriously. I can't even switch that off,
either."

Han Sooyoung panted angrily and shouted out loudly. Still stuck inside the
ever-expanding fog of darkness, the three of them were fighting against the
clones that seemed to increase in number with every passing second.

They knew that Kim Dokja was just beyond here.

But it was impossible to break past this fog of darkness with the remaining
magical power each of them had. So, the best thing they could do under the
circumstances was to concentrate their energy into one person right now.

Even though they knew that, the trio didn't want to yield.

If it was simply about Kim Dokja's sake, then it wouldn't have mattered who
went there. While looking at the distant star faintly flickering away, all
three of them were thinking the same thing.

The odds of the one heading towards that star dying were very high.

The fog of darkness was getting heavier and thicker, and the Apocalypse
Dragon's shockwave was also getting more violent as well.

Kim Dokja was still alive. However, the odds of saving him were low. And even
if he was rescued, they'd still die alongside him, anyway.

And so, this bickering wasn't about choosing who gets to save him, but to find
the person who'd die for someone else, instead.

"Both of you know this already, but I cannot die," said Yoo Joonghyuk first.

Jung Heewon knew what he meant by 'Cannot die' and was about to get angry, but
then, Han Sooyoung was a step faster than her. "You need to think about this
carefully, Jung Heewon. You aren't going to die alone, remember that."

Right then, Jung Heewon felt the weight of the cross on her back. She had
nothing to retort back with.

If she died here, then the person on her back would die as well.

"In that case, you take over Hyunsung-ssi for a..."

"Jung Heewon\! Behind you\!"

She reflexively looked behind her after hearing Han Sooyoung's yell. However,
there was nothing there. The moment she went, 'Ah\!', someone pushed her from
behind, and while staggering ungainly, she fell back towards the ground below.

By the time she unfurled the Archangel's wings to stop her fall, the figures
of both Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung had grown so far away.

"Damn it\! What's the mea... Stop, both of you\!"

After seeing the two hurriedly grow distant without even bothering to receive
her magical energy, she instantly figured out what they were trying to do
here. And because she knew now, there was simply no way that she'd suppress
her emotions welling up.

Kim Dokja asked her to save him. However, in order to do that, she couldn't
chase after those two.

"Uriel."

She swallowed back her boiling emotions and extended her hand out. The magical
power of an Archangel reaching out from her hand pierced past the darkness and
formed blinding wings on the backs of the flying duo.

It was right then, she felt a powerful throb on her back, coming from a
certain someone's heart. It palpitated powerfully, as if he had something to
say.

Jung Heewon replied. "Me too, Hyunsung-ssi."

She watched the two arrows of light traverse through the space and get further
away, and then, at the faint, weak starlight waiting for them just beyond
their reach. She bit down on her lower lip as if she was enduring against
something.

"But, I think it's not our turn yet."


