### Chapter 393: Ep. 74 - Great War of Saints and Demons, VIII

As soon as words left my lips, golden streams of aura flooded out from Indra's
entire figure. It was the same story back then with Surya; those from <Vedas>
must've had a thing for the golden colour.

Ku-waaaah\!\!

Waves of powerful Status formed a complicated network with Indra as their
center. Ripples of electrical energy crashed into me, and I could hear Indra's
laughter at the same time.

Indeed, this was a mighty power that no Constellation would dare to go up
against. A violent suppressive force that ripped through one's body,
pulverised it, and crushed it.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling.\]

However...

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling.\]

...I was withstanding it.

Sparks danced in the air like fireflies. I brushed past the currents of the
electrical energy and took a step forward, then another one after that.

\[Many Constellations are startled by your 'Status'.\]

Constellations on the other side of the battlefield were looking at me with
wide-open eyes.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Bookmark', is activating\!\]

\[Fifth Bookmark has been initiated\!\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Electrification' Lv.23 \(+13\), has been initiated.\]

\[Your current physical constitution is different from that of the applicable
character.\]

\[Your 'Status' has overcome the physical constitution penalty.\]

I arrived before Indra's eyes as the blinding flashes of light continued to go
off.

\[Ku-uhhhhk\!\]

My powerful kick to his stomach resulted in the opened eyes there to go 'pop'
one after the other. Other eyes looked at me in pure shock as if they couldn't
accept this situation.

Not that surprising, really.

It was impossible for a newbie Narrative-grade belonging to a small Nebula to
exercise this much Status, after all. Indeed, it was impossible to exert this
much power with only the two Giant Stories that I managed to acquire.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is aiding you.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Underworld', is providing you with Probability.\]

\['A Single Story' you have compiled has almost reached its 'Twist'.\]

However, the story was different now.

With my two Stories and Kaizenix Archipelago's Story, as well as Underworld's
Giant Story all working together, I could exhibit power on a similar level to
a Constellation who had completed their 'Twist', at least within the confines
of this 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.

\[How can you, with that much Probability... You bastard...\!\]

The current me wouldn't lose against an upper-rank Narrative-grade
Constellation.

\[I am Sakra devanam Indra\! The leader of the eight lokapalas, and the king
of <Vedas>\!\]

...Even if that Constellation just so happened to be the king of those gods.

\[Constellation, 'God-King of Thunderbolts', is activating 'Thunderstorm of
Heaven and Earth'\!\]

Eyes found all over Indra began emitting bright light, and the entire world
became awash in pure whiteness. The sky was seemingly writhing within the
lightning itself.

I dashed towards that spectacle of a thunderstorm.

\[Probability you've used far exceeds the limit by a great degree.\]

\[Blessing from Nebula, <Underworld>, is protecting your Incarnation Body\!\]

\[Vajra\] and Unbroken Faith collided. Indra's lightning and the Status of
'Electrification' opposed each other as grey sparks danced in the air. My
sword was pushed back by <Vedas'> Status and flew up into the sky.

A smile of satisfaction crept up on Indra's face.

However, the sword was just a diversion from the get-go. I didn't miss that
moment the sword was sent flying and powerfully stomped on his leg.

\[Ku-uhrk...\!\]

Just as Indra's massive figure crumbled, I grabbed the bastard's collars and
slammed him down to the ground. He crashed head-first and gasped out in pain,
unable to withstand the impact force.

I easily climbed on top of him now that he had lost his balance, and began
pounding on his face with my bare fists. Accompanied by the sounds of flesh
being squashed, lumps of Stories poured out from Indra's mouth.

\[The measly Underworld dares to, Olympus' measly little low-ranked Nebula
dares to...\!\]

\[Measly 'Underworld'? You want to belittle my family, is that it?\]

The number of Constellations actually affiliated with <Underworld> was less
than ten. Even then, there was a reason why other Constellations feared this
Nebula.

\[Nebula, <Underworld>, has handed down the divine punishment of wrath\!\]

\[You see, my parents? They can get really terrifying when they are angry.\]

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', nods her head.\]

\[Blessing from the Constellation, 'Father of Rich Night', is protecting
you.\]

Perhaps as a display of his final struggle, a baptism of electricity exploded
forth from Indra's body. My skin began burning up like charcoal, and my heart
being electrocuted pounded away irregularly. My vision flickered like a broken
lamp, too. I gritted my teeth.

This level of lightning? Compared to what I had to go through at Kyrgios's
hands, this was nothing.

I extended my hand out, and Unbroken Faith that got flung away during our
initial clash returned to my grasp. I powerfully stabbed Indra's heart with
the blade enveloped in the pure-white magical energy.

Along with the sound of 'Pu-shu-shuk\!', Indra's Incarnation Body writhed. How
much time passed by like that? The trembling body eventually stopped moving
and sagged powerlessly.

I leaned closer and whispered to his ear. \[Try reviving again and again. I'll
just keep killing you.\]

And then, a series of messages cascaded down.

\[Constellation, 'God-King of Thunderbolts', has suffered horrible damage to
his true body\!\]

\[Constellation, 'God-King of Thunderbolts', isn't summoning any other
Incarnation Bodies\!\]

\[Constellation, 'God-King of Thunderbolts', has given up on the applicable
scenario\!\]

\[Another defeat has been recorded on the Constellation 'God-king of
Thunderbolts' Story.\]

\[You have become one of 'God-King of Thunderbolts' mortal enemies.\]

\[A portion of Constellations of the <Star Stream> are in awe of your
achievement.\]

...

...

...

\[Nebula, <Vedas>, has been inflicted with terrible damage\!\]

\[Nebula, <Vedas>, is being swallowed up in the storm of Probability's
aftermath\!\]

Every Constellation on this battlefield witnessed a Nebula tasting defeat
right in front of their eyes and closed their mouths shut.

\[You have achieved an unbelievable accomplishment\!\]

\[A new Story related to 'Nebula' is germinating in you\!\]

I raised my body up from Indra's corpse, leading to the Judges commanding the
battle formations as well as the Underworld's soldiers to kneel before me.

\[Your Incarnation Body has suffered serious damage\!\]

I also felt like collapsing on the ground right about now. Just from thinking
about that made me realize how incredible Yoo Joonghyuk was.

He managed to defeat Indra in the Half-God Body State with one attack without
the blessing of <Underworld>.

Obviously, I must not lose to him.

\[Is there anyone else who wishes to tour the depths of the <Underworld>?\]

I couldn't display any weakness in this place. Plenty of enemies remained, and
I was the Underworld's Prince, after all.

\[Constellations of the battlefield are fearful of you\!\]

I saw the Constellations previously fighting against <Underworld> hesitantly
retreat now. Constellations that had been looking down on me from high up in
the sky were now scared of me.

Of course, not everyone was like that; unlike the Constellations from <Vedas>
and <Papyrus>, the party from <Asgard> was still intact.

\[Constellation, 'God of Fairness and Friendliness', is looking at you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Flames of Muspelheim', is looking at you.\]

\[Constellation who likes to change genders is looking at you.\]

...Every single one of them were prominent Constellations.

The 'God of Fairness and Friendliness' must be the God of Light Baldr, while
the 'Flames of Muspelheim' should definitely be the Flame Giant Surtr.

As for the 'Constellation who likes to change genders'...

"'Demon King of Salvation'."

The Incarnation stepping forward to represent Asgard's forces was someone that
I knew pretty well.

\[Selena Kim.\]

"We don't have any intentions to fight you."

\[Is that the intentions of the Incarnations, or the Constellations?\]

Selena Kim looked troubled by my question. Unfortunately, this was an
important distinction.

\[Constellation, 'God of Fairness and Friendliness', finds it unacceptable
that it must be affiliated with the 'Evil' camp.\]

\[Constellation, 'Flames of Muspelheim', wishes for a fight that burns
brightly.\]

Honestly, I'd be really grateful if that side decided to back away first.
Because it wouldn't be good for my side if we ended up fighting <Asgard> here,
too.

Whatever their reason was, several powerful Constellations from their side had
chosen to participate in this conflict, and <Underworld> would definitely
suffer some losses by fighting against them.

On top of this, I had to participate in other regional conflicts as well.
Sadly, though, the situation didn't unfold as smoothly as I hoped for.

\[A portion of Nebula <Asgard's> Constellations are displeased with the 'Demon
King of Salvation'.\]

\[A portion of Nebula <Asgard's> Constellations argue that they need to make
an example out of the 'Demon King of Salvation'.\]

As expected, it couldn't be helped when it comes to a great Nebula, could it?
Whether it was Constellations or humans, if a large number congregated...

\[Constellation who likes to change genders is persuading <Asgard's>
Constellations.\]

...Huh?

\[Using masterful conversational techniques, the Constellation who likes to
change genders is arguing that this fight will not be good for either side.\]

I couldn't figure out what's going on with this situation.

...The Constellation who likes to change genders was doing what?

\[Constellations of <Asgard> are paying attention to the words of the
Constellation who likes to change genders.\]

It seemed that both Selena Kim and Iris were surprised as well. For a while
there, the air was filled with indirect messages thanks to all the back-and-
forth.

\[Constellation, 'Flames of Muspelheim', says they can't trust the words of a
fool who likes to change genders.\]

\[Constellation, 'God of Fairness and Friendliness', says that one's
preference and credibility should be separate from each other.\]

\[Constellation, 'Thursday's Thunder', argues that, although that fool is
naturally a trickster, he can sometimes speak of sensible things.\]

\[A portion of <Asgard's> Constellations argue that they should not forget the
distress <Asgard> found itself in after trusting that Constellation's words
before.\]

\[Constellation who likes to change genders argues that <Asgard> will suffer
losses in this battlefield, unrelated to the worth of his own name.\]

Well, this was a mess, alright.

In any case, I became pretty sure of who that 'Constellation who likes to
change genders' was by looking at the unfolding situation.

\[Constellation, 'Goddess of Love and Cats', argues that by leaving this
battlefield, they will suffer losses related to the Giant Story of the 'Great
War of Saints and Demons'.\]

\[Constellation who likes to change genders argues that that might not be the
case.\]

And so, just how long did they argue back and forth for?

\[Constellations of <Asgard> have come to a decision.\]

A short while later, I spotted Selena Kim's complexion brighten on the other
side.

She quickly opened her lips. "Constellation-nims are agreeing with us.
<Asgard> does not have any intentions to fight against you and <Underworld>."

\[Nebula, <Asgard>, makes it clear that there is no reason to fight you.\]

I had no idea how that Constellation managed to convince his uptight, stubborn
fellows of Asgard, but there was no denying that this friendly offer would be
good for us.

I nodded my head, and Constellations affiliated to <Underworld> and <Asgard>
all withdrew their Status at once. I, as well, cancelled the \[Demon King
Transformation\].

\[Constellation who likes to change genders is looking at you.\]

\[Constellation who likes to change genders is praising his own
accomplishment.\]

...For sure, without that Constellation's help, an unnecessary fight might've
broken out. I briefly lowered my head as a sign of my appreciation.

\[Constellation who likes to change genders wants a reward.\]

"...Do you want coins from me?"

\[Constellation who likes to change genders says he has a very small favour to
ask.\]

"A favour, you say?"

\[Constellation who likes to change genders adds that this favour is nothing
serious.\]

A small, nothing-serious favour, was it. I was getting more worried, instead.

I pondered it for a bit, before making my reply. "If it's not a favour that
will harm <Kim Dokja's Company>, then I can do it."

I carefully studied the modifier attached to the indirect messages, before
adding something else. "And yes, it must not be about changing genders."

\[Constellation who likes to change genders says that it definitely isn't a
favour like that.\]

If it wasn't, then well.

I nodded my head, and a sound similar to a child laughing could be heard
coming from the sky next.

\[All beings in the 123rd regional conflict no longer hold any intention to
fight.\]

Constellations from <Vedas> have lost their will to fight, while only a small
number of Constellations from <Papyrus> had participated from the beginning 
and they were unable to carry on due to Yoo Joonghyuk. On top of this, both
<Asgard> and <Underworld> currently were not intending on fighting each other,
either.

\[123rd regional conflict has been forcibly concluded.\]

\[Applicable regional conflict's outcome can't be decided.\]

\[Lack of will to fight by the participants of the applicable battle has been
confirmed.\]

\[Applicable regional conflict has been excluded from the category of 'Great
War of Saints and Demons'.\]

With this, the 123rd regional conflict had drawn to a close.

\[Chaos Points have risen by 5.\]

\[Warning\! Chaos Points have surpassed 70\!\]

The Chaos Points had already gone past 70.

There was no way that Metatron and Agares wouldn't feel the heat with things
like this. Especially so with the former, who had seen the destruction of
<Eden> during the 1863rd regression turn.

Thinking of participating in the next regional conflict with my other
companions in it, I looked up at the Gates in the sky.

\[117th Gate is currently in activation.\]

\[119th Gate is currently in activation.\]

One was where Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung were, while the other Gate was Han
Sooyoung's.

I quietly stared at the two Gates, before choosing which one to enter and
walked into it.

But then...

\[You can't enter the applicable Gate.\]

I can't? Why not?

\[Applicable Gate's regional conflict has been concluded.\]

...The battle had ended already?

I looked behind me and found Anna Croft staring dazedly at the Gate.

"Kim Dokja."

The moment I heard her, my heart grew cold.

Regional conflicts of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' with no victor
among 'Good' and 'Evil' were treated as invalid and would enter the 'forced
conclusion' sequence.

However, this regional conflict had simply been 'concluded'. Meaning...

\[Victor has been decided in the applicable regional conflict.\]

...Meaning, <Kim Dokja's Company> that entered the Gate in question had failed
in their mission.

\[Death penalty will be applied to the defeated participants of the regional
conflict.\]


