### Chapter 436: Ep. 82 - Outer God, V

An extra couldn't become a main character.

And the 'Outer Gods' couldn't even serve as the extras, so they were being
forced out of the 'Story'.

The dying Yogoes were looking up at us.

\[IcouldalsodoitIcouldalsodoit\]

\[CaptainCaptainCaptainCaptain\]

\[WhoamIWhoamIWhoamIWhoamI\]

Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't hear those voices.

I thought that might be a good thing.

"All you can do right now is to let everyone know that they exist here." He
stared past the fog-covered Tongtian River and spoke. "With that... You have
done everything you set out to do."

What I set out to do.

As if to respond to our conversation, the narration suddenly began yapping on.

\(The best they could do was to let the world know that Yogoes were in this
place.\)

Perhaps Han Sooyoung was feeling as much indignation and grief as I had.

The Tongtian's water rained down, corpses of Yogoes floating away on the
river's surface.

\[Many audience members are resonating with the theme of I've become the
retired SSSSS-Grade Sun Wukong.\]

\[A portion of judges are currently feeling melancholic.\]

Extras were just that, extras, while the main character would be the main
character.

A story where everyone could become its protagonist didn't exist.

I knew that.

\[Judge, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is repeatedly grabbing and letting
go of his hair.\]

\[Judge, 'Bimawen', is contemplating on the lives of the Yogoes.\]

\[Judge, 'Meihouwang', is asking, although he isn't sure, if they could all be
saved.\]

However, even if that was true...

\[Shares of 'Outer God' are tumbling lower at an alarming rate.\]

\[Current shares of 'Outer God' for the applicable scenario is 13.473%.\]

I just couldn't be satisfied with this result and end it here.

\[Scenario Master is now looking at you.\]

It seemed that perhaps Han Sooyoung was thinking along the same line.

"It's the turtle\! Steal it\!"

Several uninvited guests clambered up on the side of the \[Turtle Dragon\] and
shouted out. They were from other Story chambers, feeling envious of our ship.

"Get rid of them\! As soon as we kill..."

Unfortunately for them, they picked the wrong opponents today.

Slice\!

Lee Jihye's \[Twin Dragon Sword\] sliced off the head of a hapless Sun Wukong
that landed on the deck.

\[Judge, 'Meihouwang', is rubbing his neck with a spooked expression.\]

The Sun Wukong who lost his head fell back into the river water, unable to
even mouth a scream. Sha Wujing and Zhu Bajie freaked out from that sight,
roared out loudly, and landed on the deck next.

"You insolent...\!"

"Seeing that you're still sticking to the script, you guys aren't going to
win."

Lee Jihye's \[Kendo\] mercilessly slashed out and split the air apart, while
Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung also ran to her sides to use their experienced
fists and kicks to punt other Incarnations off the deck. Chimera Dragon had
morphed into a full-on Dragon Horse and flapped its wings to create a powerful
gust of wind.

"You measly little...\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk had already climbed up to the highest point in the ship by then.
He unsheathed his weapon with an icy-cold expression. Sparks danced violently
on the blade of his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\].

Breaking the Sky Thunder Blade.

His sword attack, capable of even shattering the heavens, slammed into the
waters of the Tongtian like a thunderclap.

"Kuwaaaahk\!\!"

Incarnations were roasted black by the azure-blue lightning and exploded like
fireworks. Only then the surviving ones realize the severity of their current
situation and yelled out to each other.

"How the hell can a Zhu Bajie be that strong?\!"

"C-could it be, that Pigsy is...??"

"It's them\!\! They are the main characters from \[I've become the retired
SSSSS-Grade Sun Wukong\]\!\!"

...It seemed that our identity had been exposed now.

\[Hidden information of the scenario is now open to the public.\]

\[Your Story chamber ranking will rise up by defeating the main characters
from another Story chamber with a higher ranking.\]

"Even if we don't get our hands on the sacred texts, our ranking will rise if
we just kill them\!"

After reaching the higher rankings, even if they didn't win the event, they
could still enjoy quite the amount of rewards.

"Kill him\!\! Hunt down that Zhu Bajie first\!"

Dozens of actors rushed in towards the battleship while stepping on the
corpses of the Yogoes. Some of them happened to be quite powerful Incarnations
as well as Constellations.

I urgently looked back at my companions, but they didn't seem to be flustered
at all.

"I guess it might get a little more entertaining now."

"Sun Wukong, be still and stay back."

Lee Jihye grinned and unleashed her Status.

\[Giant Story, 'Next City', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is revealing his Status\!\]

Under Lee Gilyoung's and Shin Yoosung's control, the Dragon Horse regained its
former appearance of the Jade Dragon.

Ku-ohhhh\!\!

At the same time, energy from powerful Stories exploded out of my companions'
Incarnation Bodies.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The Chimera Dragon breathed out fire from the sky and dissipated the
Tongtian's waters, and Yoo Joonghyuk dashed in and out among the rising screen
of vapour.

Slice\! Slice\!\!

Every time jet-black light flashed, Sun Wukongs and Zhu Bajies with unknown
names died in droves.

I shuddered from that sight. I knew that my companions were powerful, but I
still didn't expect them to be this strong. This was the result of them
surviving many nonsensical scenarios up to this point.

"Kuwaaaahk\!"

Participating in the 95th scenario together didn't mean that everyone's level
was the same.

It was rather similar to the 'Journey to the West' itself.

People's methods of reaching its end destination were all different. Some
wanted to fly in comfort, while some would only select the easiest roads to
walk on.

However, the members of the <Kim Dokja's Company> were different.

\(They arrived at this point in time through the hardest method there was.\)

They couldn't fly nor could they choose to tread the easiest paths. They
walked on their own two legs again and again.

They beat back many unfair trials and tribulations, endured against
misfortunes, and while holding back their grief, they reached this far with
their own strengths.

\(And the result of that was this.\)

This story's true protagonists were them, receiving the blinding light of
grace belonging to the 'Giant Stories'. As I bore witness to this spectacle, I
began recalling a certain old memory.

\(That place back in the 1863rd turn was also the 95th scenario.\)

I wanted to show this to Han Sooyoung of the 1863rd turn. I wanted to tell
her. Just like how you had proved it to me, there were people here who also
had survived, as well.

\(This is the story of the 3rd turn that you don't know.\)

Yoo Joonghyuk number \[999\] sitting on my shoulder was also watching this
unfolding spectacle.

What would the one who lost his own regression turn and entered this world-
line, think about after taking in this sight?

\[Story chamber ranking has risen up\!\]

\[Score: 25912\]

\[Current ranking of the applicable Story chamber is 3rd.\]

\[Many audience members and judges are awarding additional points\!\]

Our Story chamber's ranking climbed really quickly.

It seemed there were a few actors from higher-ranked Story chambers than ours
mixed in among all the assailants coming after us.

\[Story chamber ranking has risen up\!\]

\[Score: 26412\]

\[Current ranking of the applicable Story chamber is 2nd.\]

Finally, second place.

We had brushed aside thousands of other chambers and finally reached the cusp
of victory. That only served to make me more anxious, however.

\[Current shares of 'Outer God' for the applicable scenario is 13.142%.\]

Even as the real protagonists were leaving their mark, the deaths of those
relegated to the role of extras continued on unabated. So, the shares of the
'Outer Gods' continued to plummet.

In order to fulfil the agreement of the Wenny King, the shares had to exceed
30%. Even if our chamber won this 'Giant Story' event, everything would go
back to square one if I failed to uphold that agreement.

Booooom\!\!

The hull of the battleship was rocked to the side just then.

Powerful magical cannon shells were raining down from beyond the fog of the
battlefield.

"What the hell?\! Which arseholes...?"

Lee Jihye quickly regained her balance and activated her Stigma.

\[Character, 'Lee Jihye', has activated the 'Ghost Fleet Lv.10'\!\]

A dozen phantom ships rose up on either side of the \[Turtle Dragon\] and
commenced firing at once. Caught between the exchange of a vast number of
cannon shells, the Incarnations and Yogoes in the surroundings were vaporised
without a chance to even scream in pain.

Soon, the shelling stopped and dozens of battleships revealed themselves from
the murky fog of the cannon smoke.

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is gasping out.\]

Ku-gugugugu.

Those ships had surrounded ours in a crane wing-like formation.

Even if the 'Maritime War God' was an excellent Constellation when it came to
naval warfare, there simply were way too many enemies this time. Not only
that...

"...Fei Hu."

As I listened to Yoo Joonghyuk's heavy voice, I spotted a certain someone
standing on the gunwhale of the opposing ship.

The protagonist of the Story chamber ranked number 1, the \[Real Journey to
the West\], was there.

It seemed that they had prepared the battleships in advance. And their numbers
vastly outstripped ours.

"Aren't they Narrative-grade Constellations?"

We also spotted other members of the \[Real Journey to the West\]. As
expected, the roles of Zhu Bajie and Sha Wujing were played by <Emperor>'s
Constellations.

Zhu Bajie was played by the Master of the Three-Pointed Double-Edged Spear,
Erlang Shen.

Meanwhile, it seemed that the actor for Sha Wujing was the third son of
Vaisravana, Prince Nezha.

They were actual characters from the original 'Journey to the West', and Sun
Wukong's old foes as well.

It was not for nothing that the saying of 'Victory is already Fei Hu's' did
the rounds back in the original 'Ways of Survival'. The actual Constellations
from the 'Journey to the West' made their appearance as Fei Hu's team members,
so it was only obvious that the Constellations from other chambers didn't even
stand a chance against them.

\[A portion of audience members have revealed their identities.\]

\[Constellations of the Nebula, <Emperor>, are looking at Fei Hu's
battlefield.\]

Not only that, even the lights from the constellations of the '28 Mansions'
were glittering behind them, too.

Those gazes, implying that they'd enter the battlefield at any given moment,
presented us with incredible pressure just by being there.

Yoo Joonghyuk scanned the battlefield and spoke. "I don't see their Tang
Sanzang."

Now that he mentioned it, I couldn't see their Tang Sanzang, either.

The one to receive the sacred texts in the original story was Tang Sanzang.
So, they wouldn't have stashed him somewhere safe under the current situ...

No, hang on. If the person tasked with retrieving the sacred texts was
supposed to be Tang Sanzang, then...

"I think something is busy running away over there?"

At the place Lee Gilyoung pointed at, we could see battleships hurriedly
distancing themselves away from here.

It seemed that a portion would remain behind and block us, while the rest
would set sail towards the 'sacred texts'.

Which meant that Fei Hu's Tang Sanzang was somewhere among those fleeing
ships.

"They are planning to secure the 'sacred texts' while wasting our time here."

Lee Jihye loudly yelled out. "Dammit\! I'll take care of this place, so go
ahead\!"

One of the ships from the \[Ghost Fleet\] came to our side and Yoo Joonghyuk,
Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung and I climbed onboard it. The phantom ship then
also began rushing forward in great haste.

Kuwaaaaah\!\!

I wasn't worried about Lee Jihye. She was now a respectable admiral. As long
as the battle was fought on water and not anywhere else, she'd not lose even
if she failed to eke out a victory.

The real problem was with this side.

One of the enemy battleships accurately blocked our route and stuck close to
our side.

And it was the ship containing Fei Hu and his companions.

"So, you are the <Kim Dokja's Company>."

This particular Sun Wukong had piercing blue eyes. He stared at us as if he
had just discovered strange lifeforms.

Yoo Joonghyuk unsheathed his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] once more and
stood in front of us, wary of his new opponent.

\[Constellation, 'Master of Three-Pointed Double Edged Spear', is unleashing
his Status\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Third Son of Vaisravana', is unleashing his Status\!\]

They must've decided to give up on their roles at this point. Both Erlang Shen
and Prince Nezha began sending warning signals in our direction from the get-
go. That wasn't all.

\[Constellations of the 28 Mansions of the Nebula, <Emperor>, are preparing to
descend.\]

\[Lords of the Nine Stars of the Nebula, <Emperor>, are preparing to
descend\!\]

...Goddammit.

I spoke sarcastically. "I guess you can't do anything without your Nebula's
help?"

"<Emperor> is me, and I'm <Emperor>. It's even more foolish not to utilise
what's yours already."

Even the current Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't be able to deal with the situation if
both the '28 Mansions' and the permanent fixture of the sky, 'Nine Stars',
decided to descend here.

Besides, they were the original characters from 'Journey to the West', so they
didn't even need to spend all that much Probability to enter, either.

Goddammit, we were basically trapped in the playground set in <Emperor>'s
backyard.

"There is one thing I wish to confirm, however."

Fei Hu pulled out his Ruyi Bang and began unleashing his real Status.

The candidate for the strongest Incarnation back in the original 'Ways of
Survival', Fei Hu.

I had seen his face several times before today, but never did we get into a
conflict with him until now.

But that made sense, considering that he was the gold-spoon Incarnation
greatly coddled and protected by <Emperor>.

\[Giant Story, 'Inheritor of the Heavenly Palace', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Survivor of Great War of Righteous and Evil', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

Fei Hu had diligently earned his own Giant Stories in places we weren't aware
of. While receiving support that was on another scale compared to ours.

\[Giant Story, 'Successor of Chiyou', has begun...\]

Shin Yoosung watched those Stories appear and muttered out as if she was
puzzled by something. "...Isn't 'Chiyou' a Korean Story?"

Perhaps that got under his skin, Fei Hu scowled deeply and flung a sword aura
in our direction.

Yoo Joonghyuk blocked that. Accompanied by the loud "Clang\!", the crack in
the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] grew even more noticeable.

Fei Hu's eyes flickered as if he was amused by something. "Not bad. So, you're
that Zhu Bajie."

Fei Hu was strong. However, the current Yoo Joonghyuk was more than enough to
defeat him, no matter how strong he was now.

The actual problem laid with the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]. With his main
weapon damaged, Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't even be able to exert 70% of his
overall strength.

"I heard that Korea's greatest Incarnation is with <Kim Dokja's Company>. That
must be you, then."

As if he was waiting for this moment, Yoo Joonghyuk stepped forward.

Yoo Joonghyuk versus Fei Hu.

The battle of the century was about to get underway.

However, I couldn't continue riding the bus and spectate anymore. Because that
side still had Erlang Shen and Prince Nezha as well.

\[Current Incarnation Body recovery rate: 71%\]

\[Outer God transformation rate: 96%\]

\[Rate of Outer God transformation currently is in a slowed-down state.\]

Unfortunately, there was no way I could fight against those two in my current
condition.

Shuruerueng...

The first one to make their move was Fei Hu's camp.

Prince Nezha's divine weapons emitted gloriously brilliant rays of light,
while a stunning level of Status exploded out from Fei Hu's body.

At the same time, a clump of light suddenly wavered in the air.

\[Player 9-nim has joined the I've become the retired SSSSS-Grade Sun Wukong
as an 'Extra'\!\]

...A new actor at such a late stage?

Kugugugu\!

As the lightning crashed down, a person appeared on top of the phantom ship's
cabin. The light from the lightning cracking in the dark, gloomy skies drew a
lengthy shadow. A slender figure stood there.

A pair of giant horns rose above this person's head.

\[Player 9-nim's role is 'Bull Demon King'.\]

...The Bull Demon King.

Now that I thought about it, I had forgotten that such a role existed.

He was a sworn brother and a companion-in-arms of the Great Sage Heaven's
Equal, Sun Wukong.

They did fight each other in the original story, but in our Story chamber
\[I've become the retired SSSSS-Grade Sun Wukong\], he had not made his
appearance yet.

In that case, just who would take on that role...?

\[Voting rights are being distributed to the members of <Kim Dokja's
Company>.\]

\[A portion of members are unable to participate in the voting.\]

\[Only those able to vote will participate.\]

The moment I heard those words, the inside of my head blanked out.

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye', is agreeing with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Shin Yoosung', is agreeing with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Gilyoung', is agreeing with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Jung Heewon', is agreeing with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Han Sooyoung', is agreeing with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Yoo Joonghyuk', is agreeing with the judgement.\]

I didn't know whether to laugh or cry as I watched the windows containing
messages continue to pop up.

\[Will you use your voting right for the 'Hour of Judgement'?\]

I saw the faces of my companions under the cascading shower of light.

I wanted to speak to them so badly.

However, I simply couldn't.

Instead, this was all I could do for them right now.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is agreeing with the judgement.\]

For a moment there, unreadable expressions floated up onto the faces of my
companions. A heavy silence descended on the flowing waters of Tongtian River.

Another bolt of lightning crashed down, and Jung Heewon lightly jumped off
from the top of the ship's cabin.

I thought that her shoulders trembled imperceptibly as her feet landed on
deck, but they regained their calmness soon after.

\[Everyone able to participate in the voting has agreed with the judgement.\]

\['Hour of Judgement' is activating\!\]

Jung Heewon slowly raised her head and opened her lips to speak.

"We can still fight."


