### Chapter 398: Ep. 75 - A certain heart, V

The Demon King and its stunned expression could be seen in the distance.

The hull of the ship was unscathed even after getting struck by the \[Star
Destruction Bullet\] fired by Barbatos.

The bullet capable of erasing even a star couldn't penetrate past that turtle-
like back shell.

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye', has begun her command.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye', has activated Stigma, 'Ghost Fleet Lv.10'\!\]

A ghostly armada of twelve ships used the approaching 'Dark Warriors' as the
waves and floated up. Soon after, their cannons began firing in unison.

Barbatos gnashed its teeth at the sudden barrage of cannon fire. \[You dare,
with such measly little...\!\]

The Demon King's own battleship, \[Nighthawk\], was truly sturdy. Although it
wasn't assembled with futuristic cutting-edge technology, still, it was a
weapon created by painstakingly gathering Stories of the Demon Realm. \[Ghost
Fleet\] alone was insufficient to deal with this enemy.

However, Lee Jihye didn't panic. No, she simply observed her enemy with a
calm, composed expression.

Ku-gugugu\!\!\!

As the \[Ghost Fleet\] continued its barrage, the reddish light was gathered
in the dragon-like figurehead of the ship covering the sky.

\[Giant Story, 'Next City', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Jung Heewon looked up at Lee Jihye's current appearance.

She had no way of knowing how the latter managed to come here or what sort of
a worldview she had experienced. The one thing she was certain of, though, was
the knowledge that the trio of kids managed to survive something just as harsh
as the tragedy she had to live through in the 'Kaizenix Archipelago'.

\[A ship built upon crude Stories dares to...\!\]

Barbatos's side finished charging up its attack first and fired it.

Kuwaaaaah-\!\!

The force behind the shot was at least double that of the previous attack. No
matter how strong Lee Jihye's battleship was, it wouldn't be easy to defend
against this particular \[Star Destruction Bullet\].

Four, five ships at the front of the \[Ghost Fleet\] couldn't endure against
the magical energy behind the attack and were extinguished immediately.

Even then, Lee Jihye calmly waited. Until that cannon shell moving at a slow-
but-assured speed reached right in front of her nose.

Just a little bit more. A bit more.

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is looking at his Incarnation.\]

Fragments of Stories, scattering in the air, brushed past her cheeks.

And just before the Story of \[Ghost Fleet\], being destroyed one after the
other, could reach her and her two companions like a wall of white bubbles...

Lee Jihye lowered her sword.

"Fire\!\!"

Everywhere was seemingly dyed in bright light. Violent, vicious rebound rocked
the hull. Strong winds wildly whipped her already-undone hair about.

The Story's energy shooting out from the dragon head swept absolutely
everything away in the vicinity. The \[Star Destruction Bullet\] dyeing its
surroundings in darkness had been extinguished already.

\[Many Constellations are suspicious of the applicable Story Weapon's
Probability\!\]

The Story Weapon, \[Turtle Dragon\].

That was the name of the weapon that the 'Maritime War God' had commissioned
when he came to visit the Next City a long time ago, but didn't have the
chance to collect it yet.

\[Many Constellations can't close their jaws due to their great shock\!\]

Accompanied by a loud explosion, the sounds of something being destroyed could
be heard, along with a Demon King's horrible scream.

Lee Jihye issued another order. "Fire\!\!"

Her voice didn't waver in the slightest, as if to spit out all of her
accumulated grievances.

The \[Ghost Fleet\] re-emerged and began their simultaneous bombardment once
more, while the \[Turtle Dragon's\] main cannon also spat out another round,
as well.

"Fire\!\!"

Everything on the opposing side of the battlefield was gradually disappearing
 Barbatos's battleship, the Dark Warriors, everything.

All those hoping to convert Jung Heewon's and Lee Hyunsung's story to a
tragedy were now the subjects of Lee Jihye's wrath.

'Our Stories aren't for your entertainment', she said.

She wobbled slightly as the shelling continued on. However, she never faltered
once. She was no longer that girl who feared the ocean, but a commander of
this vessel.

"Fire\!\!"

Kuwaaaah-\!\!

Under the explosions of the energy created by the cannon barrage, Barbatos's
Status was steadily being erased.

And until every single one of the Demon King's Stories were completely gone,
Lee Jihye didn't let up with the bombardment, and ordered their firing again
and again.

Jung Heewon looked up at that spectacle.

That girl was clearly straining herself.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!\!

Sparks now filled up the battlefield. Two kids broke past the continuous chain
of explosions and landed on the ground. They were Shin Yoosung and Lee
Gilyoung.

"Heewon unni... Are you alright?"

"Noona\!"

Aided by the kids, Jung Heewon carried Lee Hyunsung to the battleship, and
approached Lee Jihye at the deck still commanding the bombardment.

"Jihye-yah..."

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is exhausting his remaining energy right
down to his limit.\]

Their opponent was a top-ranking Demon King. Even if they acquired a \[Story
Weapon\], even if they borrowed the Probability of <Kim Dokja's Company>, and
even after the Narrative-grade Constellation 'Maritime War God' had come to
help...

A price had to be paid in order to create a miracle like this.

"Jihye-yah, it's okay now."

Jung Heewon knew why Lee Jihye was so furious right now. The moment she
stepped into the battlefield, she had figured out what happened here. And that
was why she didn't hold back at all.

\['Ghost Fleet' is returning.\]

The scenario messages could be heard coming from the distance.

\[Demon King, 'Merciless Hunter Against the Will of Heavens', has died.\]

\[Demon King, 'Merciless Hunter Against the Will of Heavens', has been
defeated in the regional conflict.\]

It was a truly splendid feat achieved by only three Incarnations.

A Demon King ranked 8th in the rankings, as well as three others, had lost
their lives in this battlefield.

Indirect messages continued to stream in among the outpouring of cheers from
the Reincarnators.

\[Constellations leaning towards Absolute Evil can't take their eyes away from
this unbelievable feat.\]

\[Constellations leaning towards Absolute Good are forming complicated
expressions.\]

\[Neutral-leaning Constellations are cheering on at this impossible battle.\]

\[Many Constellations are paying the cost of the impossible scenario.\]

\[A big player in the sponsorship community has sponsored a large amount of
coins.\]

\[1,100,000 Coins have been sponsored.\]

Lee Jihye wiped away the blood trickling down from her nose and smiled
brightly. Even though she was smiling, she was crying, too.

"Unni."

\[117th regional conflict has concluded.\]

\[Reward calculation for the 117th regional conflict has commenced.\]

\[Victors and losers exist in the 117th regional conflict.\]

Jung Heewon stared up at those messages with dazed eyes.

\['Good' has won in the applicable regional conflict.\]

\[Current state of Great War's progress\]

Absolute Good Points: 68

Absolute Evil Points: 67

Chaos Points: 70

The 117th regional conflict didn't end in the way <Kim Dokja's Company> had
planned.

Well, Lee Jihye belatedly joining the battle didn't know of the plans their
Nebula had for the 'Great War of Saints and Demons', that was why.

However, it wasn't as if their plan had completely failed, either.

\[Power of 'Chaos' intervened in the applicable battlefield.\]

\[Chaos Points have increased by 5.\]

\[Chaos Points have reached 75.\]

\[Chaos Points' rate of increase is speeding up\!\]

\[Shadowy Outer Gods are calling out to Incarnation 'Jung Heewon'.\]

\[Foreign Gods beyond the galaxy are paying attention to Incarnation Jung
Heewon's Status.\]

Jung Heewon looked at the Infinity symbol that had appeared on the backs of
her hands. She acquired them after awakening the new Attribute, 'Judge of
Destruction'.

Kim Dokja hadn't told her about this marking before.

"...Hyunsung hyung?"

The eyes of Lee Gilyoung checking for the sagging Lee Hyunsung's pulse grew
wider. Shin Yoosung was taken by surprise too, and hurriedly pressed her ear
to the unmoving man's chest.

Jung Heewon watched them and spoke in a suffering tone of voice. "Hyunsung-ssi
is..."

...Dead.

She couldn't finish her sentence, however.

Because she thought that it'd become reality if she ended up saying it.

\[All regional conflicts have come to an end.\]

\[Scenario's Chaos Points have increased too much and the main scenario has
been updated.\]

\[Scenario jump has occurred.\]

\[Linked scenario has been generated\!\]

They weren't even given enough time to grieve. In the world of the <Star
Stream>, the scenario would never look back to the past, that was why.

\[New main scenario has arrived\!\]

<Main scenario \#84  'Great War of Saints and Demons'>

Type: Main

Difficulty: Indeterminable

Clear condition: Someone who's neither Absolute Good nor Absolute Evil has
made the 'Good/Evil' of the battlefield unclear. The Oldest Good and the
Oldest Evil wish for a definite conclusion. They have agreed to decide the
outcome on one 'great battlefield'. If you wish to see the end of a Giant
Story, you must immediately join the 'great battlefield'.

Time limit: -

Reward: Giant Story related 'Great War of Saints and Demons', ???

Failure: Death

\[The 'great battlefield' of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' is opening
up\!\]

\[Victor of this 'great battlefield' will acquire 30 Good/Evil Points.\]

"...What's this?"

Just as Lee Jihye muttered out in confusion, the regional conflict zone was
rocked by a dull, heavy tremor.

The voice of a Dokkaebi could be heard within the wild explosion of sparks
going 'Tsu-chuchut\!'

\[You must've been bored stiff by being confined to small battlefields,
haven't you? The real 'Great War of Saints and Demons' will start from now
on\!\]

The time and space torn asunder by the heavens and earth violently convulsing
began coalescing back into one.

By the time they opened their eyes, Jung Heewon and the kids found themselves
standing on a seemingly-endless vast plain.

The skies were dark and gloomy, while the reddish ground was filled by the
Story fragments and broken skulls of angels and demons that had rotted away a
long time ago.

This very location was where the final battle of the first 'Great War of
Saints and Demons' took place.

Constellations and Incarnations participating in other regional conflicts
began gathering here.

\[Nebula, <Papyrus>, has joined the great battlefield\!\]

\[Nebula, <Tamna>, has joined the great battlefield\!\]

\[Nebula, <Hongik>, has joined the great battlefield\!\]

\[Nebula, <Guardian Tree>, has joined the great battlefield\!\]

"...Hey, Shin Yoosung, over there..."

"It'll be fine. We levelled up plenty, didn't we?"

\[Giant Story, 'Next City', is protecting the children.\]

The gathered Status was so great that just by standing in this field made
their spirits falter. Jung Heewon couldn't even begin to fathom just how many
Constellations were participating in this great battle.

\[A great number of Constellations are showing animosity towards <Kim Dokja's
Company>.\]

Gazes that had actual form behind them could become dangerous.

Jung Heewon stood at the front of the group even though it was hard to steady
herself. She was from <Kim Dokja's Company>. And that was why she couldn't
display any weakness in front of those Nebulas.

Just as another wave of enormous Status was rushing towards her...

"Jung Heewon."

...Someone supported her from her back.

\[Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung' has joined the battlefield\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is threatening the
Constellations of this great battlefield.\]

"You really look terrible. And what's the matter with your hair?"

"I don't think you're in any position to talk about someone else."

Jung Heewon smiled dryly, causing Han Sooyoung and her soot-covered face to
shoot back a glare. The former then saw the Constellation following behind the
latter.

"Uriel..."

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is looking at her Incarnation.\]

Uriel, full of wounds, was looking back at Jung Heewon. There were faint
traces of turbid aura around her wings. The latter saw that, and almost
immediately felt relieved for some reason.

Uriel hadn't betrayed her. Only a brief exchange of glances was enough to know
that.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is...\]

"It's alright, Uriel."

The Archangel closed her mouth shut. Jung Heewon quietly observed her Sponsor
for a little while longer, before casting her gaze lower to the ground.

They were a Constellation and an Incarnation; they didn't need to say
something to understand what was on each other's minds.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is closing her eyes in pain.\]

A humongous Gate opened up on the other side of the battlefield. Its size was
on another scale compared to the ones before.

\[Nebula, <Eden>, has joined the great battlefield\!\]

Archangels and Valkyries entered the battlefield as the golden-coloured horns
blew noisily.

\[Constellation, 'Guardian of Youths and Travel', is looking at Incarnation
'Jung Heewon'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Friend of Justice and Harmony', is sympathising with
Incarnation 'Jung Heewon'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius', finds it unfortunate what
happened with Incarnation 'Jung Heewon'.\]

...

At that moment, Jung Heewon's irises, cast down to the ground, began blazing
once more.

Sympathy?

Utterly disgusting.

If only you people consented to the 'Hour of Judgement' earlier. If only...

\[Constellation, 'Scribe of Heaven', has entered the great battlefield\!\]

The leader of <Eden> made his entrance under the brilliant, blinding light
show. Jung Heewon squeezed the \[Sword of judgement\] tight and glared at
Metatron.

As if they were waiting for this moment, the others began making their
entrance from the opposing Gate.

\[Demon King, 'Ruler of East Hell', has joined the great battlefield\!\]

It was the Great Demon King Agares, 2nd in the rankings, as well as other
Demon Kings.

\[Demon King, 'Black Mane Lion', has joined the great battlefield\!\]

\[Demon King, 'Immeasurable Austerity', has joined the great battlefield\!\]

\[Demon King, 'Devil of Lust and Wrath', has joined the great battlefield\!\]

The top-ranked Demon Kings didn't cower one bit from the auras of the
Archangels. As their numbers increased, the complexions of Jung Heewon and the
kids got poorer.

Only then did they realize what kind of a battlefield this was. They also
realized what kind of Nebulas they were about to face off against.

And finally, how small <Kim Dokja's Company> actually was.

\[Constellations and Demon Kings of the great battlefield are glaring at <Kim
Dokja's Company>.\]

There were countless strong enemies present.

As the threatening, intimidating auras of the Constellations aimed at <Kim
Dokja's Company> bore down on them, the members heard their own breathing
become heavier and quicker.

\[Nebula, <Asgard>, has joined the great battlefield\!\]

\[Incarnation, 'Anna Croft', has joined the great battlefield.\]

Jung Heewon flinched and took a look behind to find Anna Croft looking at her
with both of her hands in the air.

"No need to be that wary. I'm not your enemy right now."

Just before she could ask what those words meant...

\[Incarnation, 'Yoo Joonghyuk', has joined the great battlefield.\]

A corner of the sky seemed to collapse and a man wearing a black coat made his
entrance.

He proudly stood tall; the viciously-screeching edges of the \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\] bared its fangs at the Constellations.

The ends of Han Sooyoung's lips twitched as she made her comment. "Again.
You're acting like the MC again."

"Master\!"

It was only one person, yet the atmosphere of the battlefield seemed to change
simply from his appearance.

Yoo Joonghyuk scanned the companions and spoke. "With the exception of one
fool, everyone's here."

"No, everyone is here now."

That last voice belonged to the one they were all waiting for. Jung Heewon
didn't know what to do with the emotions suddenly welling up inside her, but
still, shifted her gaze over in his direction.

She wanted to tell him. She wanted to tell him what those bastards of
Constellations did in this place, but...

"I know, Heewon-ssi."

Kim Dokja kitted out in his white coat was silently looking at Lee Hyunsung on
the ground.

\[Demon King, 'Demon King of Salvation', has joined the great battlefield.\]


