### Chapter 232: Ep. 43 - Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, VI

The Breaking the Sky Master was strong. It sounded ridiculous but there were
probably no dogs in the Star Stream stronger than the Breaking the Sky Master.
Of course, there were few people stronger than the Breaking the Sky Master.

Yoo Joonghyuk and the Breaking the Sky Master collided. The sparks from
transcendence stage one hit each other and the landscape started to distort.

The path that transcendents walked caused interference. They were existences
who reached transcendence by walking on only one path. Thus, battles between
transcendents was always a continuation of denying each other.

Your path is wrong, my path is right.

Through such denials, the transcendents became stronger, harder and broken at
the end. As the presence of the transcendents dominated the area, Yoo
Joonghyuk's thoughts flowed into my mind.

 It's been a while, apprentice. 

Anyone who heard it would laugh. He was calling a dog, not a human, his
apprentice. However, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't laugh.

The expression that faded away hit at his heart. The memories that had been
suppressed because he didn't have time to dwell on the past were released. Yoo
Joonghyuk encountered the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and learnt martial arts
with the Breaking the Sky Master in his second round.

 In this place, Yoo Joonghyuk learnt a bit about human feelings. 

Here, Yoo Joonghyuk learnt, trained and lived with his non-human master and
non-human fellow apprentice. If there was a bit of warmth left inside Yoo
Joonghyuk right now, it was probably from the First Murim training. Likewise,
the First Murim was probably the cause that deprived him of the warmth of
humanity.

 ...I didn't want to see you again. 

The strongest dog Breaking the Sky Master and the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint
died fighting against the returnees alliance.

Yoo Joonghyuk moved. The paws of the dog collided with the Heavenly Sword of
Gathering Clouds. The footsteps of the Red Phoenix Shunpo that reached another
state of polarity tangled together. The sparks in the air became more intense
as the number of encounters between the dog's front paws and Yoo Joonghyuk's
sword shot up. Not long afterwards, the energy started to decline little by
little.

As expected, a main character was a main character.

The story of the dog that grew up following the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint
couldn't stand against the story of a man who lived to prevent the destruction
of the world. The time of Yoo Joonghyuk, who lived a lonely life looking only
at the scenarios, was found in every swing of the sword.

 I won't look. 

Yoo Joonghyuk's time didn't contain any mourning because he would have to
suffer through the same time again anyway.

Fight, fight again and keep moving forward. It was the best mourning possible
for this guy's past.

The Breaking the Sky Master was unable to tolerate the weight of the sword and
moaned. Yoo Joonghyuk's offensive became faster. The swordsmanship became more
persistent and he dug into the weak points in a ruthless manner.

Jang Hayoung was blankly gaping from beside me. "...Wow, this is real."

It was probably the first time he had seen this type of battle. It was a great
battle but it was too early to feel admiration. This was just passing
entertainment when considering the fights ahead.

In the end, the Breaking the Sky Master was pushed back in the power struggle
and whined. Yoo Joonghyuk didn't miss this opening. Yoo Joonghyuk's successive
strikes overpowered the Breaking the Sky Master's paws and he narrowed the
gap. Rough breathing emerged from the dog's mouth. Then Yoo Joonghyuk's final
blow pierced the Breaking the Sky Master's waist.

...To be precise, it was about to pierce it.

An eerie sensation suddenly went down my spine. Someone was standing behind
me.

...When did this existence stand behind me?

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is surprised.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is curious.\]

\[A a few constellations are wary of the energy they can feel.\]

"The sky is noisy today. What spectacle can I see?" The owner of the voice
stood there in a leisurely manner, like she had been drinking.

Her body was much bigger than Yoo Joonghyuk. The tall woman who was around
three meters tall passed by me and gave off a colossal pressure. It was so
obvious that no one had to ask.

The presence in front of me caused my heart to throb. She was one of the
strongest transcendents in Ways of Survival, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

An ether storm moved through the air and Yoo Joonghyuk's Heavenly Sword of
Gathering Clouds froze.

"Are you beating a dumb dog like this? You are a man without any principles."

The Heavenly Sword of Gathering Clouds was trembling. The Breaking the Sky
Sword Saint's two fingers held Yoo Joonghyuk's sword like it was a toy.

Woof woof\!

The Breaking the Sky Master lay on the floor and stretched out his tongue
again.

On the other hand, Yoo Joonghyuk had thrown away the Heavenly Sword of
Gathering Clouds and activated Red Phoenix Shunpo to leave the place. It was
the fastest I had ever seen Yoo Joonghyuk move. An interested smile appeared
as the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint watched Yoo Joonghyuk running away.

"You are a quick guy. I should grab him last... let's see."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's nonchalant gaze moved over our party. The
moment I met her eyes, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint appeared in front of
me. Her speed was enough to make me sweat. I couldn't be faster even if I used
Electrification.

"First of all, there is one guy whose appearance is unclear."

She just grabbed my chin but my vision shook. I staggered while the Breaking
the Sky Sword Saint was already holding the chin of Jang Hayoung beside me.

"Kuek...?"

"Oh, this is my type? You pass."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's movements left only afterimages. This must
be the Movement Transposition I had only heard about. Suddenly, the Breaking
the Sky Sword Saint was poking the fallen Han Myungoh in the face with a
branch.

"...You look like a monster species. Will I get something if I kill you?"

"...W-What?\!"

"For the moment, you have the death sentence."

Han Myungoh from unconscious after being struck by the branch and the figure
of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint disappeared into the forest. There was the
sound of condensed air bursting and a great explosion in the distance. After a
while, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint came back with a big gust of wind.

"Phew, he was pretty fast. First, his face is qualified..."

Yoo Joonghyuk had bruises all over his face and was caught in the grasp of the
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. Yoo Joonghyuk's body was damaged but he was
still using the Red Phoenix Shunpo in such a situation. Nevertheless, Yoo
Joonghyuk's feet only hit empty air. It was because the Breaking the Sky
Sword's huge hand was carrying Yoo Joonghyuk on her back.

  

* * *

  

I knew why Yoo Joonghyuk was reluctant to meet the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint. Thinking about it with common sense, there were many dangers when
encountering the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint at this point.

Yoo Joonghyuk had learned how to use the sword from the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint in the second round. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint of the third round
didn't know Yoo Joonghyuk at all.

"...How do you know my techniques?"

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. Instead, he glared at me with eyes that contained
great resentment.

 Kim Dokja\! Do something\! Quickly\! 

For reference, the 18th regression Yoo Joonghyuk was killed by the Breaking
the Sky Sword Saint.

It was the end of the guy who used to say he surpassed his teacher by becoming
a transcendent early.

I decided to cut to the chase. "Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, we are gathering
transcendents to fight against the nebulae."

"...Hrmm, is that so?"

"I need your help."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint stared at me like I was an unusual toy. Then
she rummaged around and pulled out a huge smoking pipe. Tobacco smoke rose.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint stared at me before suddenly blowing the
smoke towards me.

"You are mistaken about something. I'm not a volunteer. Get lost if you
haven't come to be my disciple."

The fine particles of smoke contained the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's
mysterious magic power.

The smoke surrounded me. There was no doubt that it would strike at me the
moment I spoke nonsense. Of course, I had to speak nonsense.

"Do you really need disciples?"

"...What?"

"In fact, you're not expecting too much."

The tobacco smoke surged like a wave. I continued to speak like I was
provoking her. "Maybe you will be the last master of the Breaking the Sky
Sword School. It is because Murim will soon be destroyed."

At this point, curiosity filled the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's eyes. She
frowned as she looked between me and Yoo Joonghyuk held in her arms.

"It is an interesting story."

"Do you want to hear it?"

"It is interesting but I'll hear it a bit later. First, I need to look at this
guy in my hands."

The Breaking the Sky Sword placed Yoo Joonghyuk on her shoulder and walked
into the house while hitting his butt with the smoking pipe. Yoo Joonghyuk's
bloody cry echoed in my head.

 Kim Dokja\!\! 

"Treat these people like friends."

Woof woof\!

The tobacco smoke quickly filled the area around the hut as the Breaking the
Sky Sword Saint disappeared into it with Yoo Joonghyuk. It was a type of
disappearance spell that surrounded the hut. I would only be lost in the smoke
if I chased after them.

Jang Hayoung seemed anxious. "I-Is it okay to leave him? Will he die?"

"He will be okay... probably."

It was regrettable that the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint didn't listen to my
story first but it wasn't the worst situation. It wouldn't be bad to give the
two of them time. I hoped she would tease Yoo Joonghyuk properly.

"Shall we sit back and relax?"

Jang Hayoung and I lay down after helping Han Myungoh. Then something touched
my legs.

I turned around and saw the Breaking the Sky Master holding a bowl of
dumplings.

...I think this was what Yoo Joonghyuk bought. Great, I happened to be hungry.
The Breaking the Sky Master looked up at me with glib eyes and barked.

Woof woof\!

 Eat. 

It was polite enough to impress me. I picked up a dumpling in a slightly
embarrassed manner and the drooling Breaking the Sky Master's head followed
the dumpling. He was a really patient dog.

"Do you want to eat one?" I asked as I split one dumpling in half.

Woof woof\!

 You are a good person. 

The Breaking the Sky Master smiled and sat down beside me. He stretched out
his feet like a human and blew on the dumpling. I spoke towards the dog, "This
place is very quiet."

Woof woof\!

 It has been a long time since a disciple came. 

A few steps away, Jang Hayoung was looking at me like I was a madman. I smiled
at him and placed a finger to my lips as a sign to keep quiet. The Breaking
the Sky Master once again barked.

Woof woof\!

 It wasn't like this in the old days. 

The Breaking the Sky Master licked the dumpling skin with a foolish expression
while looking outside the fence. I followed his gaze and saw the scenery
beyond the broken fence.

It was the path we had walked. My eyes could only see spider webs and dust but
the Breaking the Sky Master who spent 100 years here probably saw a different
landscape. I could roughly guess the landscape.

Woof woof\!

 There were many martial arts halls. 

Woof woof\!

 There were many disciples. 

This was originally a 'martial arts hall' street. It was a street where young
people filled with chivalry practiced martial arts. They were passionate and
able to devote themselves for years or decades to become masters.

 They sweated, tried hard and were rewarded. 

However, now there was nobody here. I didn't need to ask why. The countless
sights I saw here showed me the reason for the decline of this street. It was
lonely.

 Now nobody wants to learn martial arts using the old ways. 

"Indeed."

I knew why this was happening in Murim but it was a natural consequence. Those
who were once grand masters in Murim fell to the constellations using the
system and those who practiced martial arts for decades were defeated by the
incarnations who gave coins and learnt skills in only five minutes.

 That's why I'm happy you came. 

...It seemed to be a misunderstanding since I didn't intend to learn any martial
arts here. I told him so. "Um... The old ways aren't always great. It is good if
people can easily become stronger."

 What do you mean?\! An easy thing is unconditionally bad\! Everything that
the dokkaebis and constellations brought are bad\! 

Perhaps a dog who learnt martial arts for 100 years would develop the watchdog
philosophy

"I know you don't like the dokkaebis and constellations but the old ways
aren't always right. The old Murim wasn't very fair either."

 In the old days, people could become a master if they put in effort\! 

I just laughed. "Do you really think so?"

I knew what the Breaking the Sky Master wanted to say. I also knew that it had
some value. However, I couldn't agree with this idea. If I left it like this,
the Breaking the Sky Master and Breaking the Sky Sword Saint would be buried
in the flow of the era and meet the ending of the original novel. I didn't
want to let it happen in the third round.

At this moment, the expression of the Breaking the Sky Master changed. I
thought he was angry at me but it wasn't something that good. It was due to a
dangerous aura felt outside the grounds. Someone was coming this way.

\[ Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. Give up your techniques.\]

The gate opened and a few dokkaebis appeared. I thought it was approximately
the time for them to appear but they were already here. The Breaking the Sky
Master raised his magic power and barked.

The dokkaebis told him, \[The nearby martial arts halls have already sold all
their techniques\! How long will you defend your old martial arts? I told you
that you will miss the timing if you keep being stubborn. How long will we
keep offering to buy it for an expensive price...\]

By the way, the appearance of one dokkaebi was very familiar. The eyes of the
dokkaebi shook greatly when he saw me.

\[You...?\]


