### Chapter 481: Ep. 91 - One Single Story, V

Those were Uriel's last words to us. She didn't say anything else afterwards.
And while not saying anything, the 'Outer God Kings' exchanged glances with
each other.

I didn't miss that opening and spoke up. "We don't have any intentions to
fight against you, just like how you don't truly wish to destroy this world.
You are just as familiar with tragedies as I am. There is no need to create
more sorrow in this world-line."

\[The scenario has entered a temporary state of lull\!\]

\[<Star Stream> is surprised by the unexpected development of this
scenario\!\]

I grew tense while observing their response. The 'Outer Gods' still didn't say
anything. I couldn't even tell whether they heard my words or not.

So far, things had unfolded according to Kim Dokja's plan.

Using the 999th turn's memories, and arousing their memories of 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.

From the beginning, it was impossible to win this fight with a frontal
assault.

If they got serious and activated the calamity's Probability with everything
they had, then this scenario would've ended just as it started. Back in the
original novel, there were a few planets that responded naively to their
'Great Apocalypse' and ended up getting destroyed, instead.

\[A large number of Constellations that dislike you are dissatisfied with the
current situation\!\]

\[A portion of Constellations are opposing against the scenario's illogical
development\!\]

The Constellations were probably anticipating a spectacle of their hated <Kim
Dokja's Company> meeting a tragic end alongside Earth.

Unfortunately, the 'Outer God Kings' didn't do that.

At least, not for now, anyway.

 Kim Dokja, what's next?

Han Sooyoung sidled up to my right and asked in a tense voice.

 To be honest, even I don't know.

 Wha??

 This is as far as my plan goes.

As if to imply her thoughts of 'What crap are you talking about', her face was
dyed in the colours of pure astonishment.

 Hey, you. You can't be...

 Right now, we can only believe.

That must've come across as irresponsible. However, there was no other choice.
This was the best plan I could come up with, and it also happened to be the
only way to lead this event towards the correct conclusion.

I abruptly recalled what the 1863rd turn's Han Sooyoung had told me.

"I believe in the characters I've created. That's all."

I could just about understand where she was coming from now. And that's why I
replied like this.

 I thought that I can only believe in these people who were like teachers to
me  these individuals that I had read about.

I trusted the 'Ways of Survival'. Not the author responsible, no, but the
characters that appeared within its pages.

\[The 'Living Flame' is looking at you.\]

Uriel, more righteous than anyone else out there.

\[The 'King of the Silver Heart' is looking at you.\]

The kind and honest Lee Hyunsung.

\[The 'Master of the Sunken Island' is looking at you.\]

Lee Jihye possessing a lot of affection.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at you.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk, who never knelt down in defeat no matter how unfair things
became.

I believed in them. I believed in their histories that helped the young me
grow.

I believed that their worth would never be tarnished no matter how much time
had passed by.

The 999th turn's Uriel opened her mouth. Although, she wasn't talking to me.
Lee Hyunsung, you said that we might get to see the end in this world-line,
the one we failed to see before.

That's correct, Uriel.

And your opinion hasn't changed even now?

Lee Hyunsung nodded. Uriel then slowly turned her head towards me. Her irises
were burning brightly just like the corona of the sun.

...Did you say you're the 'Demon King of Salvation'?

Against that gaze seemingly testing my righteousness, I subconsciously
swallowed back my saliva and nodded my head.

Through this world-line's version of myself, I have seen the Stories related
to you.

It was then Jung Heewon standing nearby flinched a little. Technically,
though, it wasn't her but probably Uriel, instead.

I was getting a somewhat-ominous vibe here.

What the 'Living Flame' said next was completely out of my expectations,
though.

Your Stories were quite similar to those of 'Yoo Joonghyuk's' that I'm
familiar with. From the way you cleared the scenarios to how you looked after
your companions.

"..."

This world-line resembles ours quite closely.

The expression on the 999th turn's Lee Jihye was rather complicated. I
realized why they stood around looking at each other for such a long time the
moment I saw her face.

They weren't agitated simply because this world just so happened to be their
home planet.

Are you aware of the events that took place in our world-line?

I hesitated on what to say. This wasn't something that I could explain away
easily. Instead of my lacking communication skills, though, my Stories began
speaking up in my stead.

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', has begun its storytelling.\]

A portion of the Stories I possessed travelled towards the beings from the
999th turn via the tip of my hand.

\[Story, 'One Who Opposes the Miracle', has begun its storytelling.\]

\[Story, 'One Who Hunted the King of Disasters', has begun its storytelling.\]

I observed them reading my Stories. Diverse, colourful expressions filled
their faces. It was quite clear what overlapped with my Story while they were
reading it.

...Did I also make such an expression while reading the 'Ways of Survival' for
the first time?

That was something I'd never find out.

...But, how could such a thing...

It was around then that an unexpected event occurred; the Status of the 999th
turn's Uriel, reading my Story silently until then, travelled over the Story
itself and invaded into the sea of my consciousness.

As if, she wanted to find out the origin of my existence.

\[Exclusive skill, 'The Fourth Wall', is activating\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Just as I expected, the 'Wall' made a move as the blinding sparks danced in
the air.

\['The Fourth Wall' is glaring at the 'Living Flame'\!\]

The Living Flame's left hand was deflected away as if being rejected, a faint
trace of burn marks visible on her skin. She looked at me in pure shock, then
the faint hints of understanding began permeating in the lights of her eyes.

I see. So, that's how it was. You are... Her voice sounded even more surprised
compared to when she was reading my memories. The last fragment of the 'Final
Wall', is it... Is that why the 'Secretive Plotter' was so obsessed over you?

"Please make your decision. There isn't much time left until the scenario's
end."

\[The 'Great Apocalypse Scenario' has entered a temporary state of lull\!\]

\[If the current situation persists, the distortion of the world will
accelerate.\]

Since they had descended as 'calamities', this scenario now had to have a
conclusion without exception. The best method for everyone involved was for
them to give up on being the 'calamities'.

The 'Living Flame' opened her lips again. I acknowledge the potential you
possess. Although vexing, I can even agree to forestall my vengeance.
However...

Countless emotions brushed past her expression just then.

...However, I don't believe that you'll successfully reach the end of this
world-line. I don't believe that an existence that merely imitated another
world-line's Story can witness a proper conclusion.

"H-hang on a..."

You'll probably reach your 'Conclusion' when this scenario comes to an end.

The last part of 'One Single Story', the Conclusion \(\).

A gob-smacking heat storm began condensing with the 999th turn's Uriel as its
center. Salty air circulated around my nose as the seawater evaporated into
the rushing winds.

I reflexively cried out at this outrageous transformation of Status.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!\!"

At the same time, he stepped up before me and cut down the rushing hot air
with his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]. However, the heat still managed to
cook the backs of his hands.

His breathing became irregular. The \[Disconnected Film Theory\]'s effect had
almost run its course.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The 999th turn's Giant Stories were activating simultaneously. For some
reason, even the 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung didn't try to stop Uriel.

I urgently shouted out. "But why...\! There's no need to do this\! We-\!\!"

The 999th turn's Uriel wordlessly strode over to us. Companions grew tense and
began unleashing their own Statuses.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is continuing on with its
storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is continuing on with its
storytelling\!\]

The 'Living Flame' simply took a glance at our Stories and continued to
approach us. After every 'Outer God' handed over their Status to her, she
raised her \[Flames of Retribution\] up high.

I bit down hard on my lip.

\[The absolute majority of the Constellations are scared of the 'Outer God's'
power.\]

\[Many Dokkaebis are repulsed by the Story of the 'Outer God'.\]

Everything within <Star Stream> would soon become stories.

However, why was a story both the Constellations and Dokkaebis didn't want to
see deemed necessary?

Just what was the reason for a story to exist in this world when it was only
good for plunging everyone into endless sorrow?

Do you always seek to create a Story to tell someone else?

The 999th turn's Uriel was talking to us.

The \[Flames of Retribution\] refined to the stunning degree was now talking
about the time outside of the scenarios.

Who does it exist for, this Story you have compiled so far?

While listening to her true voice, I realized what her intentions were.

A story nobody supported. Even then, she wished to see the end of this
particular scenario.

And that is the answer the 'Living Flame' had chosen.

The reason why she wanted to continue on with this scenario wasn't because she
agreed with the Constellations, nor did she want to side with <Star Stream>.

Show me your 'Conclusion'. Prove it to me that your group can reach an end
different from any other world-lines.

Stars in the skies were looking at us. Stars that had been watching this story
for a very long time. I imagined those countless starlights, and then, end of
all the worlds waiting beyond that.

I imagined the end of this story, the one I'd been building up to for a long
time.

"Kim Dokja\!"

The waves of heat completely filled up my view. The \[Hellfire\] of the 999th
turn's Uriel, intermingling with the odour of burning sulphur, created the
tsunami wave of lava. It was the moving wall of enormous Status capable of
immediately melting everything that it touched.

The victory would be decided with one attack.

Block that, and we'd emerge as the victors.

"Focus your Giant Stories, everyone\!"

Petty tricks were rendered useless in the face of a calamity. My companions
helped me with the mobilisation of the Giant Stories, rather than focusing on
their own specialities.

Shin Yoosung, Lee Gilyoung, and even Yoo Sangah, too  everyone raised their
hands up in the air and added their share of the Giant Stories.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Accompanying the noises of the heavens splitting apart, the roars of the
Apocalypse Dragon could be heard. Right next second, yet another loud howl
exploded out from Han Sooyoung's direction.

Ku-ooooooh\!

The former candidate for the Apocalypse Dragon, the 'Abyssal Black Flame
Dragon' was firing its Breath.

Jung Heewon dashed forward while riding on the vicious storm of the \[Black
Flame\].

\[Constellation, 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius', is unleashing her Status\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is unleashing her Status\!\]

Two Archangels were working together with Jung Heewon. Her \[Judge's Sword\]
raised up high was now cutting down the tsunami wave.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!

Was it because of the two Archangels' combined attack? For a moment there, the
tsunami wave's movement grew sluggish.

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't miss that opening.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is continuing with its storytelling\!\]

Traces of numerous regression turns branched out from his \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\]. His Status spread out and began destroying the rushing wave.

 It's not enough.

Unfortunately, his desperate resistance couldn't last for long; the sparks
dancing all over his body were getting fiercer and fiercer. The \[Disconnected
Film Theory\]'s effect had finally run out, in other words.

The moment his Status began declining sharply, he let rip one powerful attack
at the center of the wave.

Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\(\).

Inner Mysteries\(\).

Split the Dark Ocean\(\).

A minute opening was created by the attack from his Inner Mysteries. I didn't
miss that.

\[Maknae-yah, preparations are complete.\]

Also, the voice I had been waiting for entered my ears just then, too.

Surrounding clouds gathered around me as if to envelop me  somersault clouds,
filled to the brim with cracking thunderbolts, completely encircled me. My
body was buzzing as if every lightning found in the heavens had been hoovered
up here.

\[We can use this only once.\]

I kicked off the clouds and dashed into the gap within the lava.

My wings generated through the 'Demon King Transformation' were lit on fire
and it felt like my eyeballs were being cooked by this horrifying heat.
However, I didn't stop.

I had a duty to protect this path my companions opened up for me.

The one single story that can stand as the testament to our lives.

My feet moved faster and faster until they became streaks of light. I used the
powers of \[Electrification\] to hold together my Incarnation Body threatening
to explode at any second.

Faster and stronger, as if I had become a single streak of lightning.

Ku-rururururu\!

The lightning charged fully in both of my hands boiled vigorously. This
lightning, capable of smashing apart countless stars found in <Star Stream>,
the one that half-destroyed <Emperor>'s Heavenly Palace...

I used up every ounce of my strength to throw the Ruyi Jingu Bang.

Stars in the skies boiled over, and Nebulas shrunk back. The thick dark
clouds rolling in the heavens alluded to their despair.

This single attack carried all the condensed power of the Great Sage Heaven's
Equal.

Just like what he did during the final battle.

The lightning bolt broke past the incoming lava and advanced forward.

Kwa-kwakwakwak\!

The tsunami wave of lava exploded grandly and evaporated right there and then.
The streaks of electricity branching out created a path above the splitting
wave.

It was the path of the Story we had been walking on. And I ran on it.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is arranging your 'Conclusion'.\]

The Demon Realm's 'Beginning/Gi\(\)'.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is proudly guiding you.\]

Olympus's 'Development/Seung\(\)'.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is right by your side.\]

The Great War of Saints and Demons' 'Climax/Jeon\(\)'. And then...

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', is dreaming of the Final
Story.\]

...The last dot that hadn't been filled yet.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!\!

All the Stories we experienced together merged into one and emitted blinding
rays of light. The explosion of light so bright that it seared my eyes,
blanketed everything.

When I raised my head again, the volcanic ashes from the lava were scattering
away in the air. The sky looked desolate after everything had come to an end.
The dust blocking the gazes of the stars fell like snow and covered the
ocean's surface.

Someone was plopped down on her butt in front of the Unbroken Faith.

I could see the broken wings of an Archangel. From the beginning, she wasn't
planning to win against us. I quietly stared into her eyes.

I didn't know whether this was enough proof or not. Just that, this was the
best I could show as the current me.

The 999th turn's Uriel stared at my blade for a long time. It was as if she
was repeatedly mulling over the last line of text  as if this pointy tip of
the blade was the full stop putting an end to all of her Stories.

Then, her gaze slowly shifted along towards where that tip of the blade was
now pointing at.

It was beyond the horizon where the distant sky and the ocean met.

That's where the end of this world-line was.

A faint trembling flickered past her expressions.

The 999th turn's Lee Jihye, Lee Hyunsung, and even the still-dazed Kim Namwoon
were all staring in the same direction as her.

Beyond the falling grey ashes, something blurry could be seen.

Fear began clouding the expressions of the 'Outer Gods'.

I instantly realized what they were staring at. At the place where they
arrived once before during the 999th turn. At the 'Final Wall' that could
never be overcome if one insisted on living within this world of 'Stories'.

\[Calamities of the 'Great Apocalypse Scenario' are giving up on the positions
of calamity.\]

\[The 'Great Apocalypse' is entering the termination sequence\!\]

\[Your last 'Giant Story' is blossoming\!\]

\[Absolute majority of the Constellations are witnessing the moment of your
last Story's awakening\!\]

I could now hear that 'Wall' calling out to me.

\[Hidden Scenario  'One Single Story', has reached the 'Conclusion'\!\]

\[<Star Stream> is carefully considering the name of your last Story.\]

\[You accomplished a feat that every star in <Star Stream> will revere you
for.\]

\[You have arrived at an epic that only an extremely few stars have ever
reached\!\]

And finally, the message I had been waiting for the longest time could be
heard next.

\[You and your Nebula have earned the qualification to witness the ' of
everything'.\]

\[The 'King of Stories' is summoning you.\]


