### Chapter 472: Ep. 90 - One Person, I

The forged steel expanded and protected both me and Lee Jihye.

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel' is revealing his Status.\]

Lee Hyunsung's Sponsor was the original 'Master of Steel'. However, he was
killed off during the <Oz> incident the last time. Before that, though, he
managed to successfully hand his Modifier over to someone else.

King of the Silver Heart.

The King of the Silver Heart, that was the new 'Master of Steel'. He was yet
another existence who witnessed the 999th turn's Conclusion, alongside the
'Master of the Sunken Island'.

And it was none other than Lee Hyunsung from the 999th turn.

Stop with your ridiculous charade as a Sponsor. What do you think you're
doing?

Was it because she was facing another 'King' like her? The 999th turn's Lee
Jihye was rapidly regaining her reasoning.

You kept silent when we were calling for you, so why are you appearing like
this now?

The 'Master of the Sunken Island' continued on.

It was you who suggested that we follow the rules. We promised to find our
stories again even if that meant we'd become the apocalypse of another world.
To get our scenarios back from the <Star Stream>... That's what you suggested,
right?

The Stories flowing near them helped me to guess what their lives had been
like.

Jihye-yah. We must stick to the rules. Even if we become the 'Outer Gods', do
not forget that rule.

Only that rule will protect you when the world tries to inflict you with
pain.

It'll speak up for you  that you are not wrong.

Just like how Lee Jihyes from different regression turns were still Lee Jihye,
Lee Hyunsungs found in the same turns were also undoubtedly, Lee Hyunsung.
Even after he became an Outer God, his original nature didn't change.

The 'King of the Silver Heart' stared at me next. I couldn't decipher the
emotions contained within his gaze.

This is my rule, Jihye-yah. To prevent the re-enactment of the 999th turn's
tragedy.

What rubbish are you talking about? Is 'rules' something you can easily
change on a whim like flipping your hand around??

I've heard several stories from my Sponsor who used to live this world-line.
In some ways... this world-line could very well be the one we've been searching
for. The 'King of the Silver Heart' was glowing coldly as he spoke. The
world-line where the 'end' of everything could be witnessed.

Those words caused the 999th turn's Lee Jihye to hesitate. Such a world-line
can't exist. Besides, this world-line is about to end, anyway. Even if you
interfere, even if I stop...

It seemed that the 'King of the Silver Heart' chose not to become the calamity
of the 'Great Apocalypse'. I expected something like that, though. If he
really was thinking of harming us, then he'd have done so back in the <Oz>.

And since I knew that, I decided to bring our Lee Hyunsung here. As a final
hidden card prepared for that one off-chance.

These people aren't that weak. Uriel alone won't make it.

The 'King of the Silver Heart' ended his words there. The 'Master of the
Sunken Island' then replied, her empty, wandering eyes staring at the distant
horizon. But then, life returned to her eyes right next moment, with an
expression of someone who saw something quite unpleasant.

What if she's not alone?

And then, pitch-black darkness blanketed the world beyond the horizon.

Something we failed to foresee was revealing itself over yonder.

  

* * *

  

The rest of <Kim Dokja's Company>'s companions were camping out near Dokdo
Island, waiting for 'something' to show up.

A short while after Kim Dokja had disappeared towards the Pacific Ocean, they
started hearing the drumbeat-like noises bellowing out from there every so
often. They flinched every time they heard those noises. No one said anything
about their intermittent flinching movement, but they all knew what it meant,
anyway.

'I want to go and help Kim Dokja'.

However, they endured it. This was all part of their strategy. If they
carelessly made a move here, then forget about saving Kim Dokja, they might
end up losing everything, instead. They simply had to stick to the plan.
According to the plan, this place was...

Ku-gugugugu.

It was right then they felt the heat coming from the sky. Powerful heatwaves
completely blanketed the entirety of the ocean. When they reflexively raised
their heads, they were treated to a truly unbelievable spectacle.

Kim Dokja was right.

The burning, seething sun was falling towards the middle of the ocean.

Han Sooyoung in charge of the control tower shouted out from the top of Gong
Pildu's fortress. "Get ready for battle\!\!"

This heat was so intense that it felt like even their souls were melting. And
within the solar flames, the bewinged 999th turn's Uriel floated silently.

Where is the 'Secretive Plotter'?

The Outer God King, the 'Living Flame' that rises up from the east.

Han Sooyoung swallowed back her saliva after sensing the enormous Status
wafting in front of her. More correctly, she tried to. However, she couldn't
sense any moisture within her mouth as if all of her salivae had evaporated.
She forced her parched throat to speak up.

"And now, we commence with the 'flame extinguishment'."

The flame extinguishment  that was the mission the first team was tasked
with. Han Sooyoung recalled the last words Kim Dokja said to her before he
disembarked.

 Don't kill her. She's also 'Uriel'.

...That damn Kim Dokja. He wanted them to subdue such a thing without killing
it??

The silence continued and the 'Living Flame' narrowed her eyes. If you aren't
going to answer...

"Yoo Sangah\!"

The signal was given and Yoo Sangah extended her arms out. As her Buddhist
robe wavered gently, a gigantic Mandala spun around behind her and it shot
towards the sun. The strongest debuff skill <Kim Dokja's Company> currently
possessed was activated.

\[Story, 'Hour of Mandala', is activating\!\]

It was really negligible, but the movement of the sun had become just a little
slower.

The 999th turn's Uriel muttered out. ...Interfering with time and space? Is
Sakyamuni in this place? I haven't sensed his aura, though?

Ku-dudududu\!

She clenched her fist and the space-time of the surrounding world shook
powerfully as if it'd shatter at any moment.

Blood leaked out of Yoo Sangah's lips. "This is the best I can do\!"

"Jung Heewon\! Shin Yoosung\!"

Two of them dashed forward after hearing Han Sooyoung's order.

The first one the 999th turn's Uriel discovered was Shin Yoosung. The shadow
of a huge Dragon was cast on the ocean's surface. And then, the Poison Breath
blanketed the sun's destructive conflagration.

So, you're this world-line's 'Beast Lord'?

A portion of Uriel's Incarnation Body touched by the Breath changed colour,
but that lasted only for a short while. Her skin reverted back to normal in
the blink of an eye.

"Why don't you try to block this, too\!"

That voice came from right beside her, and the 999th turn's Uriel reflexively
swung her sword.

Claaaaaaaang\!\!

\[Flames of Retribution\] and \[Judge's Sword\] collided.

Just one collision and Jung Heewon had to retreat while vomiting out blood.

\[Incarnation 'Jung Heewon' is currently activating 'Hour of Judgement'\!\]

The Hour of Judgement? How are you using that technique against me?

"Who knows?"

The \[Hellfire\] covered Jung Heewon's sword, and the wings of Archangel
spread out from behind her back. The 999th turn's Uriel confirmed them and her
expression hardened as she unleashed her Status.

...So, you are my Incarnation.

As if to oppose that statement, the power of the Constellation emanated from
Jung Heewon's body as well.

\[Heewon-ie is my Incarnation, not yours\!\]

Two Uriels unleashed their Statuses at each other and began colliding.

The first exchange, then the second; as the collision increased in frequency,
Jung Heewon's expression quickly grew more and more agitated.

"What kind of power is...\!"

I won't get fooled by those ridiculous memories again like the last time.

Jung Heewon was forced to go on the defensive in an instant, leading Uriel to
urgently shout out. \[ck\! Are you just going to watch and do nothing?\!\]

Almost at the same time, jet-black flames sneak-attacked the 999th turn's
Uriel on her back. The 'Living Flame' frowned heavily and spoke up. The Black
Flame Dragon.

The Black Flame Dragon shouted out triumphantly, the bandages unwrapped from
both of his arms now. \[Kekeke. How did that feel, you stinking Angel\!\]

The Absolute Good and the Absolute Evil. Two Narrative-grade Constellations
who used to be sworn enemies once upon a time were fighting together in order
to stop this calamity.

The \[Hellfire\] and \[Black Flame\] bore down on the army of the sun. And as
she was bathed in the storm of blinding light rays, Han Sooyoung quietly
shuddered.

'...So strong'.

With just one hand, the 'Living Flame' was fighting against those two powerful
Constellations. This opponent couldn't be pushed back even when the two of
them combined their strengths.

Me of this turn only amounts to this much? Where is <Eden>? Why are you
fighting alongside these people?

\[ck, Eden has been destroyed already\!\!\]

...<Eden> is no more? And you wish to confront me without the blessing of the
Nebula?

The Living Flame then turned her head away as if to indicate that she had no
more reason to fight these two. The sun's rays seemed to grow even stronger,
then some things began crawling out from the intense heat. They were 'Outer
Gods' that followed her. An army numbering several thousand was waiting for
her command.

Go. Find the 'Secretive Plotter'.

Their march began. Countless 'Nameless Ones' possessing burning wings began
descending to the world below. At this rate, the whole of the Korean Peninsula
might get swept aside in an instant.

\[Incarnation 'Shin Yoosung' is activating 'Superlative Diverse Communication
Lv.???'\!\]

Shin Yoosung made her move.

Countless aquatic creatures burst out of the ocean's surface and leapt up to
bite the ankles of the 'Nameless Ones' before dragging them down.

Then, the Master of the Armed Fortress, Gong Pildu joined her as well.
Automated turrets installed atop the defensive walls began spitting out licks
of flames, and the Nameless Ones turning into Swiss cheese all screamed in
pain.

The 999th turn's Uriel spoke up. You even accepted such an evil man as your
companion? How pathetic.

The 'Nameless Ones' continued to march towards unfazed towards Gong Pildu's
fortress. And just as one of the outer walls was about to be destroyed by the
constant attacks of the Outer Gods, Han Sooyoung cried out.

"Lee Gilyoung\!"

As if he was waiting for that, Lee Gilyoung immediately appeared above the
wall. Jet-black Status was tightly wrapped around the boy as he roared out to
the sky. When he did, yellowish clouds rushed in from somewhere and covered up
the heavens above. It was only for a moment, but this new army was vast enough
to hide that white-hot star.

\[Constellation, 'Ruler of the Deepest Pit', is baring its white fangs.\]

...Demon God Abaddon? Why is a bastard like you here??

Surprised by an unexpected enemy's entrance, the 999th turn's Uriel growled
menacingly.

With Shin Yoosung and Gong Pildu, and now also Lee Gilyoung added to the mix,
the battle had finally become evenly-matched. Abaddon's yellow locust swarm
threw themselves at the 'Nameless Ones' and blocked them.

\[Gah-aaaaaah\!\!\]

The Nameless Ones writhed in pain. The 999th Uriel furrowed her brows. While
easily defending against the Archangel Uriel and the Black Flame Dragon's
combined assault with only one hand, she began concentrating magical energy on
the other. She was planning to break through the encirclement with her own
\[Hellfire\].

However, there was someone here capable of reading her thoughts first.

"Now\! Attack\!"

Han Sooyoung's signal prompted a lengthy scythe to leap out from the surface
of the deep ocean.

Accompanied by the slicing noise, a huge wound was inflicted on the former
Archangel's wing. White feathers scattered alongside the Story of the other
world.

King of the <Underworld>...\!

For the first time ever, the expression of the 999th turn's Uriel had
completely stiffened.

\[Nebula, <Underworld>, is releasing the stored-up Story\!\]

Hades and the portion of <Underworld>'s elite forces crossed over using a
portal. Which included the three Judges as well as Persephone.

The 'Nameless Ones' guarding the sun were brought down, and the <Underworld>'s
Status began pressuring the 999th turn's Uriel. However, she steadfastly
withstood it.

The Incarnations of Sakyamuni and the Archangel Uriel, as well as the Abyssal
Black Flame Dragon. And on top of that, the Myth-grade Constellation Hades,
too. Even though one of her wings was torn from a sneak attack, and she was
currently subjected under the combat force of a fairly-strong Nebula as well,
she was not being pushed back at all.

No, it seemed that she was actually searching for an opportunity to overturn
this situation, instead.

"What are you waiting for?\! Hurry up and join them\!"

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', lazily makes his move as if he
finds this whole affair bothersome.\]

Ku-gugugugu\!

Gloomy clouds rolled in just above the yellow-coloured clouds. Lightning
emitting an ominous bluish glow suddenly crashed down to the ocean below
without holding back.

The heavens breathlessly flickered; a figure of an aloof Constellation was
revealed in between the lightning flares brushing by  a Myth-grade
Constellation blessed with dancing platinum hair and a rather uniquely-
arrogant grin stood there.

The moment the 999th turn's Uriel opened her eyes wide, the Ruyi Jingu Bang
filling up her view powerfully smashed her entire body down.

She failed to withstand the impact force and her Incarnation Body slammed into
the ocean with a deafening explosion noise.


