### Chapter 133: Ep. 26 - Scenario Destroyer, III

The negotiations with Bihyung finished and the judge urged me.

\[If it is over then go back.\]

The judge was absentmindedly staring at my liquor bottle again. It seemed that
he hadn't drank enough...

Wait. Didn't he say that Hades and Persephone weren't present right now?

"Hey, Judge-nim. One more thing."

\[I don't know what it is this time but...\]

"I'll give you the bottle." The judge's eyes flashed at my words. "Please take
me to Tartarus again."

  

* * *

  

There was no time so I went down to Tartarus and then came back up again. It
was only a short time but the judge was already drunk.

\[Then are you done?\]

"Yes."

Hades and Persephone being away was a divine move for me. I only gave a bit of
information but if I knew Kim Namwoon, that alone would make a big difference.
I was looking forward to the Gigantomachia that would arrive one day.

\[There is a message that the queen left.\]

"The queen?"

\[Yes. I will directly recite it.\]

The judge repeated Persephone's words in a profound voice.

\[Incarnation Kim Dokja, you have completed the task in a very interesting
way.\]

"..."

\[Many nebulae in the Star Stream are now watching you. Many of them are
hostile towards you.\]

In fact, this scenario had caught too much attention from the constellations.

\[You should be prepared.\]

I became a bit nervous after listening to the story. Was this related to Hades
and Persephone's departure? The amount of messages from the other large
constellations had noticeably decreased a while ago.

Uriel in particular. And Uriel was part of the 'Eden' nebula...

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' feels sorry.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is comforting 'Prisoner of the Golden
Headband'.\]

These guys were still here.

\[Then go well.\]

I nodded. There was no point worrying about it now. The important thing was to
build up my stories. Some nebulae might despise me like Persephone said but it
wasn't everyone.

There was a distant whirlwind and my field of view gradually changed. Once I
opened my eyes again, I had returned.

"Dokja-ssi."

There was a strange tension in the voice. I hit my cheeks to come to my
senses. Then I saw Lee Hyunsung's anxious face and asked, "What happened?"

The people around us were buzzing. Lee Jihye and the others were all crowded
around one place. In the air, traces of a distorted space were appearing.

A portal. It was the pathway that my companions and I had gone through. Why
was this thing open? Hadn't the scenario ended?

Lee Hyunsung explained, "The second South Korean group has shown up." The
second group? They came now? "I'm not really sure..."

There was a sense that the second group had come too late. Usually the second
group appeared a week after the first group, but this time the personnel
supplement didn't occur until after the scenario ended. It was different from
Japan, whose third group were deployed in an instant.

Lee Hyunsung and I headed towards the portal.

"Ahjussi, this way\!"

I headed in the direction of Lee Jihye's voice and then a man appeared from
the portal. His whole body was charcoal, as if he had been burned all over.

"Uhhh..."

This man was someone I knew. I asked with a shocked expression, "Jung Minseob-
ssi? What is this...?"

Jung Minseob. He was one of the few readers who was on my side when I was
fighting the apostles. I thought he had died after the War of Kings because I
hadn't seen his face for a while. Why was he here...?

Lee Seolhwa appeared and started to treat Jung Minseob. However, it was
already too late. At the last minute, Jung Minseob met my eyes and muttered
towards me. "D-Don't... come... back..."

They were Jung Minseob's last words.

  

* * *

  

\[You have protected the peace of Peace Land.\]

A huge string was shining in the air. There was still a festive atmosphere but
the expressions of my party members were different. Lee Jihye wondered in a
confused voice, "What the hell is this?"

It was a situation where the scenario wasn't completely closed so it wasn't
unusual for additional personnel to be dispatched. Yet the extra personnel was
injured from the beginning.

"Was there a case like this in Japan?"

Asuka Ren shook her head at Lee Hyunsung's question. "Perhaps they were
attacked by something when crossing the portal..."

"Is that possible?"

There were times when there were dimensional species living in the portal.
However, based on my memories, that didn't happen in this scenario.

Then Lee Jihye gave her opinion. "Perhaps the remaining people are fighting
among themselves?"

I didn't want it to be like that but it was the most realistic guess. Asuke
Ren nodded and added, "There is no Absolute Throne on the South Korean side?"

"Yes."

"Then this isn't likely."

Japan was currently in similar situation. In countries that weren't affected
by the Absolute Throne, the leaders of a group often changed. As far as I
knew, this happened a few times in Ways of Survival.

This situation was a bit surprising. It was still the early stages of the
scenario. If the isolated ones joined together, their strength still wasn't
high enough. Moreover, Seoul had prepared a contingency plan. There was Yoo
Sangah, Jung Heewon and my mother, the King of Wanderers.

It was impossible for a new leadership group to emerge as long as they were
there. The eyes of the party members were anxious.

"Perhaps... it can't be."

None of the scheduled second group had come. Only Jung Minseob arrived and he
was in a dying state. There was even the message 'don't go back'. I could
guess a few possibilities but...

"We won't know for certain unless we go back." When did he appear? Yoo
Joonghyuk spoke from beside me.

I nodded at his words. "You are correct. Let's go back and check it."

Then the scenario message was heard.

\[Additional compensation for the major contributors has arrived.\]

\[Major contributors: Kim Dokja, Yoo Joonghyuk\]

Finally, the main scenario rewards had arrived.

\[Do you want to check the compensation history?\]

I nodded.

\[Rewards List\]

1\. Moon Wave Folded Fan \(SSS-grade\)

2\. Blue Dragon Sword \(SSS-grade\)

3\. Magic King's Bracelet \(SS-grade\)

4\. A choice of one of the following A-grade skills.

There were a total of four rewards. The compensation list was considerable
because the scenario was very difficult.

The items such as Moon Wave Folded Fan and Blue Dragon Sword would show
strength comparable to star relics after they were gradually enhanced. There
would be no damages. In addition, there was the Magic King's Bracelet. This
was a good item to defend against beginner and intermediate spells from magic-
based returnees.

However, I had obtained the Grass-Cutting Sword and the first two items
weren't very advantageous. The Magic King's Bracelet was intriguing but the
value was reduced unless I met a returnee. Thus, the answer was fixed from the
beginning.

"I will pick the fourth option."

A list of skills appeared in front of me. The reason for the increase in
rating was because the skills that appeared mainly belonged to the Murim
system.

Manifestation of Nature New Feat

Small Yang Sword.

Taichi Blurred Palms.

...

There were the exquisite techniques of the Shaolin school or famous ones like
the 24 Plum Blossoms Swordsmanship. Every one was a skill I coveted but I only
had one choice, so I had to be careful.

As I mentioned last time, regardless of the skill's level, some skills were
highly difficult to obtain. There would be a chance to get the Murim skills
again but if I missed this chance, there was a skill I would never get. For
example, the Peace Land limited 'A-grade skill'.

"I will pick the A-grade skill, Miniaturization."

Lee Jihye saw my choice and screamed, "Ahjussi, are you crazy?"

"Why?"

"Why would you choose such a thing? It is too stressful to be small... I would
rather you choose the Blue Dragon Sword and give it to me\!"

Lee Hyunsung also looked surprised. The kids didn't care and were playing with
each other. On the other hand, the small people looked strangely touched. They
probably thought I chose this skill to remember them.

\[Now that the compensation has ended, it is time to go back. I'm sure you've
become attached to each other but please say goodbye.\]

The dokkaebi made an announcement and then a huge portal appeared in the air.
Gillemium and the small people gathered around us.

"Go carefully\!"

"Thank you. I'll definitely remember you."

The small people sang a song of farewell for us. Asuka Ren's eyes reddened.
The Japanese group also disappeared into the portal. My party members were the
last ones to leave. The song of the small people continued.

I kept listening and seemed to hear some lyrics.

Hero who saved Peace Land.

His name

It isn't Dokuja

Dokja

Ohh it is Dokja.

Shit, what were these lyrics?

\[The beings of Peace Land are linked to your legend.\]

\[This achievement can be viewed after becoming a constellation.\]

On top of a bell tower, I could see Kyrgios looking at me. I thought he would
run this way and make all sorts of threats after the scenario was over, but he
just watched quietly.

Asuka told me, "I think he appreciates you."

"Huh?"

"It is just a feeling. I don't know why."

Asuka Ren smiled at me. Her qualifications as a creator might be lost but the
author was still one of the readers.

"Let's survive and meet again, people of South Korea."

Asuka Ren bowed and disappeared into the portal. Then we also entered. My
vision swirled and once I came to my senses, my feet were touching the ground.
I wasn't too dizzy since I had experienced it once before.

\[The main scenario has ended.\]

The view of Seoul entered my eyes. I looked around and Yoo Joonghyuk was the
only one who arrived at the same place as me. We might've entered the same
portal but the exits were different. Still, why was I with this person...

"Kim Dokja, move." The moment Yoo Joonghyuk spoke, the ground where we were
standing exploded. The magic bullets that flew over turned this area into a
mess.

"The Supreme King\!"

"Don't panic\! Shoot\!"

"They aren't on the same side anyway\! Leave the Supreme King and go for the
King of No Killing\!"

In a way, it was an expected ambush. Dozens of people were gathered beyond the
dust clouds. At first glance, they had a great deal of equipment and had
sponsors.

Were they incarnations belonging to other nebulae like Persephone had warned
me about? The answer was still unknown.

"He can't kill anyone\! There is a penalty if he kills\! Therefore, don't
hesitate\!"

"There is a possibility that he collected points and will revive again. Don't
miss the time of revival and kill him\!"

...When had that information leaked? They even knew the information of 'King of
No Killing'. After a moment, the person leading them appeared through the
dust.

"Kim Dokja\! Slowly put down your weapon and come this way\!"

I listened to his words. As they came closer, their armed appearance became
clear. Each person was wearing A-grade equipment and their overall stats were
outstanding.

They wouldn't be pushed by the wanderers group that my mother led. Where the
hell had these people come from? The leader smirked at me like it was already
over.

I smiled at him and asked, "Where did you get my information?"

"What are you going to do?"

"I will let you know that one part is wrong."

"What?"

\[Blade of Faith is activated\!\]

Blade of Faith was pulled out and instantly cut the leader and his men who
were surrounding me.


