### Chapter 173: Ep. 33 - Reading Again, IV

Sparks wrapped around my body as I felt the signs of a probability storm. This
was a big burden for a single constellation not of the narrative-grade to
bear.

I thought the records of how Cheok Jungyeong faced an army alone were
exaggerated. However, rather than an exaggeration, the stories had been
reduced.

In fact, Cheok Jungyeong had become much stronger than what was written in
Earth's records after becoming a constellation. In other words, there were
sword masters who would become nervous just hearing about this constellation.

Still, I had to endure it. If I couldn't withstand the spirit of Cheok
Jungyeong, I couldn't break the 100 Days Seal.

\[Your 'status' is currently sealed.\]

\[Your main skills are currently sealed.\]

\[Time remaining: 100 days\]

The 100 Days Seal, which could be carried out by the three highest beings of
the constellation 'Hongik', was the highest-grade seal that sealed up the
target's abilities.

\[Eat garlic and mugwort and endure for 100 days.\]

Of course, this seal wasn't necessarily a bad thing. If I could eat garlic and
mugwort for 100 days, I could receive Hwanin's blessing and wake up the
potential of my body.

However, now I didn't have enough time. Han Sooyoung watched the garlic and
mugwort pouring from the sky and asked, "Hey, isn't it almost done?"

"The power is so strong that it is hard to control. Just wait."

I took a deep breath and controlled my magic power. Cheok Jungyeong lent me
strength in response to my call but didn't say anything in his true voice. He
just handed me some of his strength, as if saying 'try it if you are
confident'.

As a result, I had been controlling the story that had been running wild for
30 minutes. It seemed like my whole body would burst.

I watched the grumbling Han Sooyoung and suddenly became annoyed. "This is all
because of you. This wouldn't have happened if you didn't use me as a shield."

"I didn't do it on purpose."

"Do you expect me to believe that? Based on what you have always done..."

It seemed like many complaints had piled up and I couldn't help nagging. How
many minutes had passed?

Han Sooyoung slowly got fed up and shouted, "Ah, I apologize\! Yes, I used you
as a shield. What do you want me to do?"

I wanted to say she was brazen-faced but then a presence suddenly intervened.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' interrupts with a cough.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says that Han Sooyoung never
used you as a shield.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says your death is your
responsibility.\]

Han Sooyoung shouted, "Hey, you shut up and stay still\! Saying
unnecessary...\!"

"What does he mean?"

"It is nonsense. Don't worry about it."

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' claims that Han Sooyoung
didn't protect your heart to protect your black fire dragon.\]

...My black fire dragon?

"That's why I..." Han Sooyoung hesitated before starting to talk. "I mean, Jeon
Woochi's attack... flew to that place."

"...Hah."

I was so dumbfounded that I forgot the important situation and sighed. Han
Sooyoung hesitated as she stared into my eyes and bit her lips. "That... you
would be a bit unhappy if you lost that function so... I shifted the direction."

"That's why it hit my heart?"

"...Well, there is such a story."

It was an absurd story. Han Sooyoung didn't wait to see how I accepted it and
added swiftly.

"I-I didn't have any strange thoughts. Don't be mistaken. The Black Flame
Dragon bastard was shouting that I should protect the whale..."

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is looking at his
constellation with embarrassment and agitation.\]

I sighed lightly and said, "...I don't care about that. Just protect my heart
well next time."

Han Sooyoung made a surprised look at my words and nodded. An awkward
atmosphere briefly flowed.

Han Sooyoung seriously considered something and opened her mouth. "By the way
Kim Dokja, I have a question..."

"What is it?"

"Why does he call it the black flame dragon?"

  

* * *

  

'That guy... he was very small when he was a child'.

Lee Sookyung was immersed in her memories as she gazed at the dark and
desolate plains of Dark Castle.

How much time did it take to get here?

There were no easy scenarios and all plans were half-distorted or broken. How
many times had she experienced the crisis of death due to insufficient
information?

'It was especially dangerous when I met Nirvana'.

The reincarnator. Lee Sookyung never thought that such a being could exist in
the world. Well, it was abnormal for a novel to become reality in the first
place.

She turned around and saw Cho Youngran, the incarnation of Jeon Woochi.

"Your Majesty."

"Stop it with that title."

"...Sookyung-ssi."

Cho Youngran had a complicated gaze.

'It is no wonder,' Lee Sookyung thought.

Cho Youngran was the only wanderer who knew all her circumstances. "You didn't
need to fight him. If you were honest about why you wrote the book..."

"Being honest is harder than fighting. Especially when it is between a parent
and child."

In fact, she had the conversation with Kim Dokja because of Cho Youngran's
suggestion.

Cho Youngran kept pressing. "Now is the age where he can accept the truth. He
isn't the 10 year old boy you knew."

"For me, he is just a child. It doesn't matter if he is 30 or 40 years old."

"...It is the pride of a parent."

Pride...

That's right, it was pride. Lee Sookyung lowered her eyes. "At first, I tried
to show courage. I tried to tell the truth."

"..."

"However, after I looked into his eyes... it felt like an excuse for me to enter
his life."

Reality was different from a novel. A wounded person might be saved but a
wounded person. wouldn't heal that easily.

"I don't know if that child really needs the truth. Maybe it was what I
needed. I didn't want to stay as a bad mother..."

She became crooked herself to protect Kim Dokja. She became like this as a
result of her own love.

 Incarnation Kim Dokja will be killed by the person he loves most. 

Lee Sookyung recalled the moment when she first heard of her child's fate from
Yoo Sangah. The fate of Olympus would surely be realized.

"...The child will understand you one day."

In order to find out how to save her son, Lee Sookyung gave three days and
three nights to the Founder's Mother.

Three SSS-grade items were offered as a tribute to Hongik and she also gave 20
years of her life. In return, she was able to steal a line of fate that
Olympus had hidden.

If he doesn't go to the next scenario, Incarnation Kim Dokja can live. 

Lee Sookyung smiled. "Have all the troops gathered?"

"Yes. They are all assembled."

On the edge of the plains, the group of wanderers she led were gathered. They
were all here because they believed in her. Lee Sookyung opened the main
scenario window.

\[Main Scenario \#9 - 73rd Demon King\]

Category: Main

Difficulty level: SS

Clear Conditions: You are eligible to participate in the last scenario of Dark
Castle. Gather four rankers to go up to the third floor of Dark Castle and
enter the final scenario.

Time Limit: 30 days

Compensation: 100,000 coin

Failure:  Death

\* Your current Dark Castle ranking is 2nd place.

\* Only incarnations within the top 10 of the rankings can challenge the final
scenario with you.

Lee Sookyung glanced at Cho Youngran. She currently had two of the top 10
rankers. They were Cho Youngran and Lee Boksoon. In order to complete the
scenario and challenge the final floor of Dark Castle, two more rankers were
needed.

Cho Youngran said, "They are coming."

An army was pushing from the other side of the Abyss Plains. They came from
Paradise. She saw a familiar face at the head of the army.

Lee Sookyung greeted one of the people in the opposing force. "Yoo Sangah-ssi.
It's been a while."

"Ah\! Really, I'm really glad... you are alive\! Dokja-ssi..."

"We can talk about it later."

Lee Sookyung looked at the party across from her.

'From left to right, it is Lee Hyunsung, Shin Yoosung, Jung Heewon, Lee Jihye
and Lee Gilyoung'.

She heard about Lee Hyunsung, Shin Yoosung and Lee Jihye from Kim Dokja but
she had never heard of Lee Gilyoung and Jung Heewon. Perhaps they were new
people her son had recruited, regardless of the original novel.

'It would've been a lot easier if there were only original characters. Stupid
fool'.

As a child, Kim Dokja did many unpredictable things. Therefore, Lee Sookyung
had believed that her child would become an artist.

"The King of Wanderers."

The voice came from the person she had been waiting for. It was a person she
heard a lot about from her son while she was in prison. She never imagined she
would see him in person.

"Yoo Joonghyuk."

Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk. The protagonist of this story opened his mouth.
"Why did you want to see me here?"

"I have decided to end this scenario."

Yoo Joonghyuk glanced next to Lee Sookyung and asked, "Are you also collecting
the four heavenly kings?"

"Four heavenly kings?"

"You need four rankers to go to the next scenario. Don't you know?"

"Ah... yes, that's right. I'm collecting them. I guess they are called the four
heavenly kings. I can't keep up with the trendy words of children these days."

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyebrows twitched at Lee Sookyung's words. "You have a twisted
mind."

"You are a shrewd child."

The eyes of the two people met and waves of energy bounced wildly. Just by
exchanging looks, Lee Sookyung could get a vague glimpse of Yoo Joonghyuk's
power.

It was transcendent. He had to be at this level to be the protagonist of the
story.

Lee Sookyung took a short breath and opened her mouth. "I want to hold hands
with you. Let's gather the remaining rankers together."

"...Rankers?"

"Yes. Isn't your goal to save this world? You need the most powerful lineup of
incarnations as possible if you want to clear the next scenario. I can help
you. My sponsor is Founder's Mother."

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes slightly tensed up at the words 'Founder's Mother'.
However, it was just for a moment. The words that came out from Yoo
Joonghyuk's mouth were completely unexpected. "Where is Kim Dokja?"

"...Why are you looking for him?"

"I heard you took him."

"So why?"

Lee Sookyung had a strange feeling at his dismissive attitude towards her
suggestion. It was a disturbing feeling that only a mother with a child could
detect.

She wondered, "Surely you aren't going to include that child in your four
heavenly kings?"

"I'm not obliged to answer that."

"Your personality is exactly the same as what he said."

"...Kim Dokja told you my story?"

"He did. He told me a lot."

She stared into Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes and Lee Sookyung's suspicions increased.

Lee Sookyung asked, "I heard that you handed the Paradise achievement to my
son. Why did you do that?"

"He can save the world if he grows stronger."

"Aha, you are going to use him for 'that'?"

Lee Sookyung deliberately emphasized a word. It was a relaxed tone, as if she
already knew it.

Then Yoo Joonghyuk replied, "Kim Dokja is necessary for this world. I need
him."

"..."

"He will be my companion and he will see the end of the scenario."

Lee Sookyung's expression slowly hardened. Companion? The voice of her young
son appeared in her mind.

That jerk, he is a complete psychopath.

He knows nothing but how to use people. -He will do whatever it takes to
reach his goal.

"This is strange. The Yoo Joonghyuk I heard about will never talk like you."

"Does your family like to talk as if they know someone well?"

Yoo Joonghyuk pulled out his sword. It was a hard attitude that showed no more
dialogue was needed.

"Give me Kim Dokja. Then I will spare you."

Lee Sookyung stared into Yoo Joonghyuk's blazing eyes and recalled her son's
voice. Despite his many complaints, her son always looked somewhat excited.

But the story won't continue without him. Ways of Survival is such a novel.

At this moment, enlightenment filled Lee Sookyung's head.

 Incarnation Kim Dokja will be killed by the person he loves most. 

Lee Sookyung realized the true meaning of this fate. She knew who would kill
her beloved son. Maybe it was an insight Lee Sookyung was able to reach
because she was used to these types of metaphors and symbolism.

"I see." Lee Sookyung realized everything and laughed.

This wasn't her original plan. Still, the prophecy meant that the plan had to
be modified here.

"I'm sorry but I can't let you see my son."

"Why?"

"A mother's responsibility is to control her child if he mixes in with bad
people." Lee Sookyung's eyes were cold as she took out the Eight Beaded Bell.
"I have to send my son back to reality."


