### Chapter 531: Epilogue 2 - Not found anywhere, VI

Once more, one hour before the apocalypse.

"...Dammit, where the hell am I?"

Han Sooyoung held her spinning head and hurriedly scanned her surroundings.
The last thing she saw was the figure of Yoo Joonghyuk disappearing within the
shower of light. She quickly took a look at her own body.

It was a success.

Her much thinner arms, and muscles that lost their suppleness.

She couldn't sense any of the Stories she had compiled, the skills she trained
in, nor even her Stigma.

However, that wasn't a problem. They had already thought up of what to do with
such issues, when the scenario got underway again. No, the real issue was...

"Crap, I don't have much time left."

Her smartphone's battery was almost out of juice, and she couldn't confirm the
wellbeings of her companions at the moment. It was a fortune among misfortunes
that she somehow managed to download the locations of her companions from the
chat room just now.

"...These guys, they did pretty well without me."

Just a casual browse-through was enough for her to get a bead on where they
were currently with their operation. That wasn't too surprising, though,
considering that she was the one in charge of the operation in the first
place.

But then, Han Sooyoung's eyes scanning the map of the deployed locations began
trembling.

"This idiot..."

She raised her head and looked around her.

Although it could be tight, there seemed to be enough time left still.

  

* * *

  

30 minutes before the apocalypse.

Lee Jihye's eyes dazedly staring at the clock was suddenly blocked by a head
full of black hair.

"Hey, crybaby. You planning to stay behind for the night classes today?"

"N-no. Uh... ng."

It had already been 28 days since the regression, but she still hadn't gotten
used to that nickname.

'Crybaby'.

When was the last time she heard someone call her that?

Once upon a time, she had other nicknames like that. And she had truly
returned to such a time.

"Really? I was just asking, but why so suddenly?"

The other girl's eyes arched as if she was smiling.

For every single day during the past four years, Lee Jihye had never forgotten
those eyes. They belonged to a pale-skinned girl somewhat smaller than her.
The blouse of her school uniform was missing a button. Her worn-out name tag,
where her name could still be found.

When she opens her eyes, the bloodshot irises would be staring right back
her.

Lee Jihye's trembling right hand was clutching onto the pant leg of her gym
uniform.

"Jihye-yah, it'll be alright."

Lee Jihye desperately grabbed her trembling hand.

"You must live."

"Lee Jihye?"

Her friend's hand approached from the air. Lee Jihye avoided that hand almost
as if she was having a seizure.

"...Ah, sorry. Were you saying something?" She hurriedly asked.

"Are you feeling okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine."

"You want to bounce together around seven?"

"We must not\!\!"

Lee Jihye shot up from her seat and shouted out even before she realized it.
Her classmates sitting near her all looked in her direction immediately. She
sat back down and spoke again. "We'll be high school seniors in a little
while, right? So we gotta study hard for that."

"...Crybaby, you sure you're not sick somewhere?"

20 minutes before the apocalypse.

The bell denoting the start of the first night class period went off. Lee
Jihye pulled something out from her inner pocket, a small box covered in a
crinkled wrapper.

"Bo-Ri-yah. Here."

"What is it?"

Her friend saw the box and extended her hand. However, before handing over the
item, Lee Jihye told her friend in no uncertain terms first.

"You mustn't open it right now. Okay? Only open it when it's ten minutes
before seven. Understand?"

"You didn't, like, put insects in this thing, right? You know I've got a weak
heart, don't you?"

Lee Jihye momentarily froze at those words. "...No, don't worry. I will
definitely make sure you won't die."

She finished what she wanted to say and stood up abruptly from her seat. Then,
she pulled out a longsword stashed behind the classroom locker. Her surprised
friend was still looking in her direction.

"...Where are you going?" Her friend asked.

"Bathroom."

Lee Jihye immediately left the classroom. With good timing, the teacher in
charge was walking towards her.

"Lee Jihye? What are you doing? Go back inside the class\! Night classes have
begun already\! And what are you carrying on your ba-"

"Teacher-nim, are you on duty today?"

It was the ethics teacher wearing the horn-rimmed glasses, with a slender
physique and somewhat haggard eyes.

"Teacher-nim, please don't forget to open the no.2 locker in the staff room
later\!"

Lee Jihye slipped past the teacher, but the latter hurriedly reached out to
her shoulder.

"What? Where are you... Urgh? Why is she so strong... Hey\! Lee Jihye\!\!"

Lee Jihye broke into a sprint. She ran down the stairs in an instant, entered
the teacher's staff room and stole the keys to the broadcast studio. She then
ran up to the third floor, her heart threatening to explode along the way.

The first scenario of the 'Taepung Girls' High' location began several
minutes earlier than other locations.

That was the reason why Lee Jihye had been deployed in this very location.

While panting breathlessly, she managed to unlock the door to find the rather
familiar sight of the studio. The Taepung Girls' High boasted pretty high-end
broadcasting equipment. Not only that, the school was given the authority to
make broadcasts to the surrounding regions in case of emergency, as well.

While listening to the voice of the teacher still looking for her coming from
downstairs, Lee Jihye pulled out the emergency power source prepared earlier.
She then calmly set up the broadcasting equipment.

As she connected the wiring, some memories in her mind also began to get
connected, as well.

She used to work here as a crew member, and during the lunch hour, she'd play
the music she liked. That was her life.

At least, until the apocalypse came knocking.

She realized it once more while looking at her still-alive friends. The only
person to survive in the classroom on that fateful day was her and her alone.

"...Lee Jihye."

She was startled by the voice and looked back, only to find an unexpected
person there.

"Sooyoung eonni?"

She must've been waiting for a while. Han Sooyoung raised her body up from the
darkness and quietly studied Lee Jihye's face, before speaking up. "You don't
look so good."

"I'm fine." Lee Jihye stayed silent for a little while, then spoke again. "The
scenario. It's going to start, right? Otherwise, I might get suspended later,
you know."

"It'll start. By the way, you don't really have start yours from here. You
should hurry up and go to another location. Let me take care of this place for
you."

"No. This is where I need to start." Lee Jihye smiled. "Because this is where
the 'wounded sword demon' was born, after all."

She then slowly sucked in her breath.

The setting-up of the equipment was finally finished.

Ten minutes before the apocalypse.

And then, 'it' began.

Along with the 'Ku-gugugu' noise, the sensation of the world's 'nature'
changing could be felt. Then, the sounds akin to drums being ripped apart came
from an unknown location. And what came after that was...

\[Oh, my. The channel here opened up sooner than scheduled. Ah, ah, can you
hear me?\]

Lee Jihye looked at Han Sooyoung. The moment she saw the latter's face, she
knew. Somewhat humorously, they had been living only for this moment.

\[There is no need to panic, everyone. Let me say this first of all. This
situation, it's not a film shoot. It's not a terror incident, nor are you
currently dreaming. No, everyone, you're-\]

That was the voice of the Dokkaebi she hated the most.

Screams resounded out from every classroom.

\[Main Scenario \#1  Proof of Worth has begun.\]

That was the signal to commence with their planned operation.

 Emergency broadcast will now begin.

Lee Jihye's own voice was coming out from the speakers.

 Everyone, please listen to me. Those inside the classrooms, please open up
the cabinet for the cleaning tools, while those in the staff room, please open
the no.2 locker\! Hurry\!

Lee Jihye knew. Her companions must be making the exact same face as hers
about now. Everyone should be witnessing this sight through the display panel
the Dokkaebi had brought up.

 There is no need for you to kill each other. At least this time, there is no
need.

Lee Jihye thought about her companions. She recalled the promises made to them
before coming to this world.

"...At least I want to choose what I kill."

Shin Yoosung wouldn't start by killing a puppy anymore, and...

"I'll save my aunt."

Lee Gilyoung would get to save the person he detested.

"Rather than going to the army again, I'll kill myself first."

Lee Hyunsung would leave the army, and...

"I really want to save that grandma from back then."

Yoo Sangah would get to save the person she didn't.

"The Probability will only allow for one opportunity. Meaning, the 'Group
Regression' can't be used twice.

And Yoo Joonghyuk would never regress again.

Finally...

"During this turn, I won't become the 'wounded sword demon'."

As the clamour of the school's interior gradually died down, Lee Jihye opened
her mouth once more.

 Everyone, have you all found one for yourselves?

Just like Kim Dokja of the past chucking the grasshoppers to other people...

 Everyone, throw those things down to the floor with everything you got\!

Along with those words, Lee Jihye broke the ampoule held tight in her hand.

\[You have slaughtered a total of 133 lifeforms.\]

\[Slaughter breakdown: 133 frog eggs\]

\[Acquired coins will be halved as you have slaughtered lifeforms lacking
defensive capability.\]

\[Total of 6650 Coins have been acquired.\]

...

...

...

\[Main Scenario \#1  Proof of Worth has concluded.\]

Once more, they shall create a story not found anywhere.

The Dokkaebi in charge belatedly discovered the unfolding situation and
appeared before Lee Jihye.

\[What the... Look here, you\! What's the meaning of this? How can you even...\!\]

And right next second, a powerful storm of Probability's aftermath began
slamming into the entirety of the scenario. Also, the noises of massive
amounts of Coins being sucked out came from an unknown direction, too.

Lee Jihye realized what was happening here.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

\[Dear Constellation-nims\!\! This is a misunderstanding\! Director... No,
wait\! This isn't my fau... The Bureau's inventory... Uwaaaah\!\]

Accompanied by the noises of the channel being disbanded, the low-grade
Dokkaebi screamed and disappeared.

7:00 PM

And that was the beginning.

The night skies of Seoul were reflected on the windows of the studio.

She saw the rift opening up on the other side of the sky.

Subway's third line.

"Everyone, please stay calm\! Grab one of these, and throw it down\! Hurry\!"

Gwanghwamun.

"Do not panic, and break the bottles you just received on the floor\! Do that
and you will survive\!"

The hospital.

"Anyone who didn't get an ampoule yet??"

Throughout all the locations in Seoul, unexpected events were taking place at
the same time.

The prearranged scenario was changing.

\[Unbelievable achievements are occurring simultaneously in every location of
the scenario\!\]

\[A massive amount of Coins are being taken out from the Bureau\!\]

The whole of <Star Stream> was shivering from the explosion of Coins.

\[<Star Stream> is stunned by the sudden upheaval of the scenario\!\]

\[Dokkaebis of the Bureau are freaking out at the excessive amount of Coins
being taken out, and...\!\]

\[Many Constellations observing the Korean Peninsula are...\!\]

The baptism of Coins exploding in the air like fireworks  it was the sight of
a world coming to an end. Lee Jihye looked to her side and found Han Sooyoung
also looking up at the same skies as her.

As if, she was searching for those who should be looking at them from the
night sky.

"Let's go and save ahjussi."

Their operation had just got underway.

  

* * *

  

While gasping out rough, heavy breaths, I regained my consciousness.

It was unknown how much time had passed by.

I slowly tried to move my body. Arms, legs, shoulders... without a doubt, the
feedback I got had changed a lot from before.

Kim Dok ja y o u got a lot sm all er

I smiled bitterly and looked down at my shrunken hand. The digits of my
fingers had shortened by at least one centimeter compared to the last time I
saw them. With a slightly exhausted voice, I asked a question. "...How many
regression turns have I seen so far?"

7 8 6th tu rn

I had no idea that reading something with every fibre of your being would be
this difficult.

Every time Yoo Joonghyuk and his companions lived through one regression turn,
I too had to live through it.

The second turn, the third, the fourth, and the fifth...

Th at is th e des ti ny of th e Oldest Dream

I read, and then read again, the Stories created by the countless choices, and
I watched various world-lines spun off from them over and over again.

Kim Dokja read the world as if he was walking along a distant beach.

Story's waves rolled in and rolled out. And I gradually lost something of mine
every time that happened. When I recalled something abruptly and looked back,
I saw my own footprints left behind. Those prints were soon washed away by the
incoming waves, and after staring at the disappearing traces, I'd resume my
walk forward.

Whenever I recalled the fact that I was gradually forgetting things within
this flood of Stories, I began thinking about the regression turn I lived in.
And then, the happiness of the people who should still be living there.

If I did...

"...Uh?"

The tips of my hands were trembling.

I suddenly couldn't remember the regression turn number I lived in. I
unknowingly looked behind me, but the only things remaining there were Yoo
Joonghyuk's past regression turns.

And what remains at the end, will be the desire to see the 'next story'.

I looked down at my hands, now much smaller.

What was waiting for me at the end of this long, long journey?

Kim Dokja recalled the 'Oldest Dream' he saw during the Final Scenario.

Would I eventually become the 'Oldest Dream' I saw back then?

Would I lose all of my memories and become a giant mass of unconsciousness
that dreamt of an infinite universe?

He didn't want to end up like that.

I needed to think. I needed to remember.

When I came to, my hand was clutching onto my smartphone out of an old habit.
This small world protected me whenever I became too anxious and too nervous.

The black screen, its battery having lost its charge a long time ago,
reflected my face.

I crafted a simple Story and used it to operate the phone. That prompted a
familiar wallpaper to pop up. And that's where the novel that started all of
this was.

 Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World \(final version\).txt

Until now, I deliberately avoided reading this final version.

I was scared that, if I read it, something somewhere would become set in
stone. I didn't want the future my companions were supposed to live in to be
decided by a story written by someone else.

However, shouldn't it be okay now?

The <Kim Dokja's Company>'s story had ended, and my  had been decided, as
well.

If I read this, wouldn't I be able to remember all those that I've
forgotten?

I still didn't know who tls123 was.

And that's why I was curious.

What did the author write on this 'final version'?

What was the conclusion the author came up with?

And this story, where and how was it supposed to end?

I slowly sucked in my breaths and extended my shrunken finger towards the text
file.

Just like that day when I first began reading the 'Ways of Survival'.

And so, that's how Kim Dokja's last reading session began.


