### Chapter 263: Ep. 49 - The Best at Something, V

Yoo Joonghyuk's attribute evolved and the game flowed smoothly like water.

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has killed the helper 'Founder of
Humanity'\!\]

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has won the 'Living Legend' title\!\]

The constellations hadn't yet adapted to the game and weren't able to follow
Yoo Joonghyuk's movements. The constellations were inferior to Yoo Joonghyuk
in terms of utilizing game items, understanding the terrain and the extra
buffs.

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has started to write a new myth on this
Mythical Battlefield\!\]

\[The participant 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is raising his name in the rankings of the
Mythical Battlefield\!\]

Victory or defeat was decided in an instant.

\[The time limit for the first game is over\!\]

\[The winning team will be determined based on the pointed obtained during the
time limit\!\]

\[The winning team of the first game is the 'Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja
Industrial Complex'.\]

We got a total of six points. In addition, the sentence we took away from the
opposing team meant we had two sentences.

 The flower of the story blooms in the cruel Demon Territory. 

Jang Hayoung stared at the sentence we had obtained several times before
looking up blankly. "...We really won?"

"Yes."

I also didn't feel it was real. No matter the situation, we obtained the first
victory against the mighty constellation... it wasn't a level to be elated by
the fact that things went 'as planned'.

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is looking at you with interest.\]

\[Many constellations are cheering for the Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja
Industrial Complex\!\]

\[You have obtained 100,000 coins each as a reward for the first game\!\]

I was able to see Yoo Joonghyuk approaching from a distance. I wanted to say
something nice but Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth first. "The messages were
sent by this person."

Before I could ask what he was talking about, Biyoo popped out of Yoo
Joonghyuk's arms.

\[Baaat\!\]

Biyoo seemed invigorated as she swung the Uriel doll like it was a toy.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' insists that she didn't do
anything\!\]

Biyoo threw the doll into the air and entered my arms. I stroked her head a
few days before asking Yoo Joonghyuk, who had grabbed the doll.

"Where the hell did you go?"

"I went to the vicinity of Melledon."

"Why there...?"

"There was an item I had to obtain."

"Item? What is it?"

"You don't need to know." Yoo Joonghyuk's expression was somewhat dissatisfied
as he stared at me. "In addition... I thought it would be helpful to start at an
unexpected position for the selection."

"It was a good judgment."

In the first round, the spawn location different depending on where you were
when the game started. Yoo Joonghyuk hadn't departed from the same place as us
and was able to farm items using a completely different route. This made it
easier for him to aim at the enemies.

\[Hahaha, something amazing happened. However, the game isn't over until it
ends\!\]

I heard Bihyung's voice from the air. His expression seemed somewhat excited
because we won.

\[5 minutes later, the second game will start\!\]

It wasn't the time to be drunk on victory. This game had a total of three
rounds. I looked over at my weary party members. The bodies of the dead
Samyeongdang and Osu were revived again.

"Now we just need to win one more time. The game is over if we win two rounds
first. So everyone, just try a bit harder..."

I tried to cheer them up but the condition of my party members wasn't good.

"Samyeongdang, why do you look like that?"

Samyeongdang had turned into a wooden gong and was making a rattling sound.

\[That... I spent too much of my probability.\]

In this game, death didn't mean the disappearance of the incarnation body.
However, the thing that remained unchanged was the number of resources
consumed.

"Osu?"

Yiiip\!

Just like Samyeongdang, Osu died in the last game and he was now almost as
small as a guinea pig. It seemed they had overconsumed their probability and
energy in the last game. The constellations of the same rank had significant
differences in level due to the quantity and quality of their accumulated
stories.

It was Han Myungoh who opened his mouth. "I-I can't do it anymore."

Han Myungoh had run away safely until the end of the first game. He was like a
lizard as his cut off leg slowly grew. Nevertheless, his face had aged 10
years during this short period.

"It's fine. You've worked hard."

No matter how much their power was suppressed, the opponents were still
constellations. He had faced the status of a constellation for more than an
hour and any normal incarnation would collapse.

The small consolation was that the Breaking the Sky Master was unharmed.

Woof woof\!

In the first game, the Breaking the Sky Master helped Yoo Joonghyuk hunt one
of the constellations. Me, Yoo Joonghyuk, Jang Hayoung and the Breaking the
Sky Master. Now there were only the four of us in the team. Understandably,
four wasn't enough to win the game.

Then Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "I will try to call additional power."

"Do you have any constellations?"

"I don't know if reinforcements will come in time. I'll just put them on the
list for now."

I had no idea of who he would call. Did Yoo Joonghyuk have any connections
during this period?

Yoo Joonghyuk continued talking, "We have to change our plan in the second
round. Our positions as well."

"Why? Can't we do it like the last round?"

At Jang Hayoung's question, Yoo Joonghyuk glanced at me and silently shook his
head. I ended up answering instead. "Yoo Joonghyuk's attribute is powerful but
it isn't invincible."

"...It seems almost invincible."

"It was because the constellations didn't know much about this game."

From the second round, the penalty on stats would be slightly released. The
constellations who had looked down on us would start to collect attributes and
skills related to the game and would narrow the gap using an enormous amount
of coins. Yoo Joonghyuk might have Ruler of Amusement but there was a limit to
him alone.

I pondered for a moment before declaring to the party members. "I have an
idea."

  

* * *

  

"We have decided to cooperate with the Bercan Industrial Complex."

\[...Are you telling me to join forces with Papyrus?\]

"It isn't the time to cover hot water with cold water."

A deep sigh emerged from Duke Melledon who resembled a rhinoceros. All the
constellations on the battlefield had been destroyed by a single incarnation.
They were caught off guard and hit in the back or had a sword piercing their
feet. There were even constellations who fought against him one on one and
were defeated.

"We can't let them win this time. You should know this."

\[Don't worry. I was careless in the last round but this time will be
different.\]

Founder of Humanity, Manu gritted his teeth as he raised the Primitive Spear.

\[I have learnt enough about this game.\]

In fact, messages had been coming from the air for a long time.

\[The constellation 'Founder of Humanity' has purchased the 'Special Game
Talent' skill\!\]

\[The constellation 'Thunder Eating Bird' has purchased the 'One Week Game
Master' item\!\]

The dokkaebis were grinning widely at the suddenly buying binge.

\[Oh my, constellations\! Going to this extent...\]

The constellations didn't like this expression on the dokkaebis but the more
important thing was their pride, which had been crushed by the incarnation.

\[Let's go.\]

The game started and the constellations moved in unison. The influence of the
attributes and items was great. They used the terrain to cover their actions
and were fully aware of how their stigmas and skills were applied to this
game.

The all-rounder of the team was the incomprehensible incarnation. If they
killed him, the game would end.

\[Over there.\]

The Thunder Eating Bird glide and created strong winds. Amidst the wind-swept
bushes, the owner of the sword was revealed. It was Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Now\!"

The moment that Duke Melledon gave the signal, four constellations rushed at
once.

\[It will be different from before\!\]

The Founder of Humanity swung his spear, followed by a ray from King Oedipus.
Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't avoid the attack and blood flowed from his forearm. The
shadow of General of Vanara split up and pursued the gap revealed by Yoo
Joonghyuk. A sharp rod brushed past Yoo Joonghyuk's side. There was the sound
of flesh being hit.

Now the power of the constellations was limited to 30%. That damage that Yoo
Joonghyuk received was different from before. However, Yoo Joonghyuk held up
well despite the constellations' onslaught.

\[...What? Why isn't he dead?\]

Duke Melledon felt it was strange and used a skill to figure out Yoo
Joonghyuk's physical state. Surprisingly, Yoo Joonghyuk still had more than
70% of his health remaining.

"T-This guy's health is a bit strange. Don't tell me...\!"

Then the screams of the constellations were heard from the rear.

  

* * *

  

The enemies probably believed that Yoo Joonghyuk was an all-rounder.

"Breaking the Sky Master\!"

The Breaking the Sky Master flew forward at my signal. Like a spear of light
dividing the space, the Breaking the Sky Master penetrated the torso of the
Thunder Eating Bird who was aiming at Yoo Joonghyuk. The battered bird fell
down and the Breaking the Sky Master tore at the bird's torso with her fangs.

As soon as our position was exposed, the nearby constellations started to run
this way. There were a total of three constellations rushing over. The long
distance damage dealer Jang Hayoung received an agility penalty so there was
no chance of winning when it was close combat. Even so, the situation was
different this time.

"Kim Dokja, buy me 10 seconds."

"Understood."

Jang Hayoung took a stance, his left hand forward while his right fist was
pulled back to his shoulder as he started gathering strength.

\[Jang Hayoung has used the points earned to unseal a specific skill.\]

\[The helper 'Jang Hayoung' is preparing the ultimate.\]

In this game, stigmas and skills over a certain power level were treated as
'ultimate'. In addition, the ultimate could only be released with points
obtained in the game. Jang Hayoung used the points we had just earned as an
assistant.

\[The helper 'Jang Hayoung' has activated Breaking the Sky Force Punch Lv.
10\!\]

There was the sound of a cannon bursting and a mighty wind was created as Jang
Hayoung's fist tore through the space. The wind crushed the ray of light
coming from King Oedipus and blew away two of the running constellations.

Breaking the Sky Force Punch. I had seen it in Ways of Survival. It was a
technique made out of boredom by the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint who pursued
the path of the sword.

...I didn't know she could make such a powerful technique when bored.

\[The helper 'Jang Hayoung' has killed the helper 'Thunder Eating Bird'\!\]

\[The helper 'Jang Hayoung' has neutralized the helper 'General of Vanara'\!\]

I thought it would be a success just defeating one constellation. Yet one
constellation died and one suffered a fatal wound.

"Didn't I say that I was a hard worker?"

Jang Hayoung laughed despite obviously overdoing it. Even Jang Hayoung would
find it hard to achieve such rapid growth. Maybe he made a deal with the
Unidentified Wall.

\[Kill him\!\]

The enraged constellations ran in a messy manner. Jang Hayoung also ran
towards them.

"Kim Dokja\! Go\! Do it according to the plan\!"

If I tried to save Jang Hayoung here, the time would be delayed. This time, it
was me who had the 'sentence'. Shortly after I ran towards the gorge, a scream
was heard from behind me.

\[The helper 'Breaking the Sky Master' has been killed\!\]

\[The helper 'Jang Hayoung' has been killed\!\]

...Shit. Fortunately, Yoo Joonghyuk was still in good shape. Whether he was a
tanker or all-rounder, Yoo Joonghyuk was Yoo Joonghyuk.

I went down to the bottom of the canyon and dark fog started to pour into the
vicinity. I had calculated this. If the fog had begun, the 'monster' would
soon appear here.

Then a constellation was felt from above the rocky terrain.

\[You are quick, Demon King of Salvation.\]

It was an unexpected move. Melledon's side should be tied up with Yoo
Joonghyuk. How did they already reach here? The moment I saw the shadow on the
canyon rocks, I realized what happened.

There was the shadow of a giant mummy and a goddess with a pointed scorpion
tail. They were constellations of the Bercan who hadn't been seen in the last
game.

'The Last Pharaoh' Cleopatra and the 'Scorpion Goddess' Serket...

Surprisingly, King Oedipus of the Melledon camp could also be seen. I smiled
bitterly. "...I see. You have decided to join forces?"

Serket's tail swelled up and fired a stinger towards me. I was about to avoid
the attack when old bandages released by the Last Pharaoh wrapped around my
ankles. Close range damage dealers were vulnerable to long range damage
dealers. My movements were limited so it was obvious that I would die like
this.

King Oedipus seemed ready to finish things. I reflexively curled up. A
powerful storm swept over my body.

I could hear the laughter of the constellations. It was a laugh that was
convinced of my death from this blow.

\[You have converted the points won in the last game\!\]

\[You have unlocked a certain skill with the points\!\]

I slowly raised my body in the dust. The laughter disappeared from the
constellations' faces as they saw me.

\[The constellation 'Poked Out His Eyes' is astonished\!\]

\[The constellation 'Scorpion Goddess' has wide eyes\!\]

The white fur wrapped around me protected me without a single scratch.

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' has been activated\!\]

It had been a long time since I used the third bookmark. I had been hesitant
to use this bookmark for quite some time. I didn't think it was polite to my
dokkaebi.

\[Your understanding of this person is very high and the skill abilities are
strengthened\!\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Beast King's Sensitivity Lv. 10 \(+1\)' has been
activated.\]

I felt the warm of Biyoo curled up in my arms. The third bookmark, Beast
Master Shin Yoosung. I looked up at the constellations on the canyon with the
white fur wrapped around me.

\[The participant 'Demon King of Salvation' will receive the position
compensation effect.\]

I didn't have the same attack power as Yoo Joonghyuk. Nor could I learn things
quickly like Jang Hayoung. However, I had something better than them.

"I'm sorry but I'm the all-rounder in this game."

The Demon King Selection would end in the second round.


