### Chapter 328: Ep. 62 - God's Enemy, I

\[The Star Stream has confirmed the possibility of a new giant story.\]

\[The interpretation of old stories is possible\!\]

\[The characters who appeared in the myth are reconstructed\!\]

\[Based on past myths, Stage Transformation will occur.\]

After seeing the indirect messages popping up one after another, the great
dokkaebi 'Noksu' was silent. Originally, the 60th scenario Gigantomachia
wasn't relayed by the dokkaebis. They only had channel and airing rights while
the actual progress was done by the sub-heroes of Olympus.

However, the situation had changed. There was an explosion on the screen and
roars as the giants emerged from the ground.

Where the hell did the giants appear from?

The Underworld\! What is going on in the Underworld?

Shouldn't they be trapped in the underground prison?

Now Gigantomachia was a completely different story.

"...Who will relay it?" Noksu turned and asked two advanced dokkaebi.

"I'll do it."

"No, I will."

They were the director of the Korean branch Bihyung and the director of the
Japanese branch Dokgak. The two gazes met and currents filled the air.

Dokgak exclaimed, "Great Dokkaebi\! Bihyung can't do this. He has been
broadcasting Incarnation Kim Dokja for too long."

"I'm familiar with him so I can broadcast it better. In addition, since when
will you still call him incarnation? He is a constellation."

On the screen, the incarnations of Kim Dokja's Company were seen fighting the
heroes. Their appearance of taking precise formations and releasing their
status was reminiscent of glittering constellations centered on a single star.

The sound of chewing popcorn was heard from somewhere. \[Very noisy. Do
dokkaebis normally talk like this?\]

The red wine in the glass was sucked into the man's mouth. Then one of the
heroes of Olympus died on the screen.

\[The constellation 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' is cheering\!\]

\[The constellation 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' has sponsored 3,000 cons to the
'Demon King of Salvation'.\]

At this absurd sight, Bihyung asked, "Aren't you a member of Olympus? Can you
be sitting her leisurely?"

\[What do you know? I'm not really close to them. In addition, aren't you the
ones who said I can take a tour today?\]

Like any supporter on the street, Dionysus had a flag with his team on his
back. The flag was covered with 'Olympus is doomed'.

Dokgak's eyes narrowed. "The 12 Gods of Olympus would've gathered at Olympus
Temple by now."

\[I want Kim Dokja to win.\]

"Huh?"

The dokkaebis were in an uproar from the remark that was like a bomb. Dionysus
laughed heartily. \[What are you so surprised? I can support anyone. In
addition, you shouldn't react like this. Don't you only need a 'fun'
scenario?\]

It was true, making the dokkaebis frowned at the words. Dokgak opened his
mouth. "The thing you are expecting won't happen."

Dokgak's words caused Bihyung's expression to darken. In fact, Kim Dokja's
Company fighting against Olympus was ridiculous. Breaking a rock with a quail
egg had more of a chance than this. In addition, it overlapped with the Earth
side.

Bihyung watched Gigantomachia with one eye while the other saw Yoo Joonghyuk
running with Lee Sookyung on his back. At this moment, Dionysus opened his
mouth again. \[It is unknown if the story is a tragedy or a comedy until this
is over.\]

"...Isn't it obvious? Gigantomachia is such a scenario."

\[Gigantomachia is just one of the many giant stories that Olympus had. You
might belittle them as long as they're not there but you can't afford to
overlook the lucky punch.\]

"The probability of it happening is close to 0%."

\[That probability will happen. Isn't that why I'm here?\]

Dionysus watched the screen while shoving popcorn in his mouth.

\[The key is... how to make the 'dizzy fish' come out...\]

  

* * *

  

More than half of the 12 Gods had gathered. They were in the form of symbolic
objects that represented themselves. The first one to speak was a trident.

\[The distinguished Lightning Throne didn't come this time and... Dionysus is
missing?\]

\[That's correct.\]

The waters around the temple boiled up like the sea was furious. Some symbolic
bodies looked at each other nervously and the trident kept speaking,

\[Then why did the giants wake up again?\]

\[It is a group that broke out from Tartarus.\] The one who answered with a
constellation with the symbol of a pair of swords.

The trident asked again, \[Hades let them go?\]

\[It was said they performed the myth ritual.\]

\[The myth ritual? They must've sacrificed a great probability... did
'Everybody's Mother' wake up?\]

\[No. It was the three Hecatoncheires brothers who moved.\]

\[All three of them went out?\]

\[It is Briareus alone. It is said he lost half his Hundred-Handers.\]

\[They were probably lacking probability for all three to leave.\]

It was silent. Then the blazing sun spoke, \[We can't sit idly by. Kim Dokja's
Company? The small nebula is provoking us.\]

\[We need to severely punish them.\]

Then a winged shoe with numerous data windows around it spoke. \[It won't be
easy. Like the three chiefs, the master of the nebula has received the
indication of the end  hint.\]

\[...Is that true Hermes?\]

\[Yes.\]

\[Huh, it is funny. The master of the nebula is building a 'story' on the same
level as the Lightning Throne?\]

There was a stir in the group. 'A Single Story' was a sensitive topic for the
12 Gods. The constellations were all seeking the ultimate story. There was no
one who wasn't interested in the hint of the end. It was the trident who
arranged things. \[Quiet. Everyone is busy and there is a lot of work to do.
We will start the vote.\]

Everyone in the place fell silent. The reason why so many gods gathered was
due to the 60th scenario.

\[In response to the provocation of Kim Dokja's Company, I, as chairman, am
calling for the deployment of the story weapon.\]

Then the voting began.

\[The constellation 'God of Marriage and the Home' declares abstention.\]

\[The constellation 'Organizer of Agriculture and the Seasons' declares
neutrality.\]

\[The constellation 'Spokesman of Justice and Wisdom' declares that we must
withdraw the justice the humans don't know about.\]

\[The constellation 'Atrocious War God' wants to fight the giants.\]

\[The constellation 'Almighty Sun' wants to burn a petty nebula.\]

\[The constellation 'Volcanic Blacksmith' wants to make a weapon to fight
against the giants.\]

\[The constellation 'Pure Hunter of the Moonlight' rejects a meaningless
war.\]

\[The constellation 'Goddess of Love and Beauty' says she will abstain from
this superficial vote.\]

\[The constellation 'Master of the Skywalk' says the issue shouldn't be
approached so simple. The big data should be examined, the nature of the case
reviewed and the patterns of the enraged giants...\]

\[Hermes, just say it.\]

\[The constellation 'Master of the Skywalk' is against the war.\]

Several constellations were surprised by the declaration.

\[You are a coward, Hermes.\]

\[He always goes against the will of the temple...\]

Hermes didn't say anything. Meanwhile, the result of the votes came up.

\[Agree: 4 votes\]

\[Disagree: 2 votes\]

\[Abstain: 3 votes\]

There was only one last vote left. Of course, it was the chairman's vote.

\[The constellation 'Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the Sea' is demanded
the release of the weapon.\]

\[Agree: 5 votes\]

\[All seats have voted apart from the non-attendees.\]

The gods nodded. \[Apart from those who abstained, more than half are in
favour and I am declaring the release of the 'story weapon'.\]

A hammering sound rang through the temple while an ominous foam rose from the
sea. The direction of the foam was the theme park Gigantomachia where the
giants were gathering.

\[We need a commander to lead the weapons. The historical-grade constellations
will go together but they can't deal with the giants alone.\]

\[Who will you send?\]

\[I will approve some gods to move. You will be in an incarnation body and I
hope you assist them without hesitation.\]

Then somebody raised their hand.

\[I will go.\]

  

* * *

  

After Achilles' incarnation body collapsed, the incarnations fell into a
panic. Several incarnations fled when the saw the mountains of giants rising
everywhere. In the chaos, several incarnations shouted, "Why are you doing
this?"

"You\! What the hell is this?"

The astonishment and resentment of the incarnations were soon directed towards
me. I asked in return, "Why are you doing what? What did I do?"

"We missed the chance to get a star relic because of you\!"

"It was a chance to get a story about catching a giant\!"

"I was going to catch the eyes of the 12 Gods and join Olympus\!" Now because
of you...\!"

Gigantomachia. With a participation fee of 100,000 coins, they got a chance to
gain hidden pieces and if lucky, a piece of a giant story. That opportunity
was now disappearing into a handful of dust in front of their eyes.

I watched the incarnations and wondered, "Do you really think that
Gigantomachia is such a naive event?"

Perhaps they were right. There actually were incarnations and constellations
who were strengthened through Gigantomachia. In addition, many of them likely
became members of Olympus.

"Let's say you join Olympus. Then what will you do?"

"What?"

"In a nebula already occupied by the 12 Gods and the ancient constellations,
what can you do?"

Through Ways of Survival, I saw the words of countless incarnations who had
joined Olympus. The incarnations were bound by unusual contracts and collected
crude stories as they were used in the long-term for various scenarios.

"All the incarnations of last year's Gigantomachia climbed to the top
scenario\! They...\!"

"Are you talking about them?"

The people turned their heads in the direction I pointed. There were countless
ships crossing the sea, including Argo. Among the ships' passengers, the
participants of last year's Gigantomachia were also seen.

"W-Why are they...?"

Gigantomachia. The myths recorded it as a fight between the giants and the
gods and heroes of Olympus. However, most incarnations weren't aware of how
the heroes who participated in the war were made.

\[Many constellations are excited\!\]

The gods were afraid of the giants and mass-produced heroes from humans for
Gigantomachia.

\[Constellations of the nebula 'Olympus' are showing hostility towards you.\]

Even after the end of Gigantomachia, it was unknown how many incarnations were
being mobilized for this re-enactment war. It was a scenario that ate and
produced itself, like a snake biting its own tail.

\[A number of constellations have entered the channel\!\]

\[A large number of constellations can't hide their excitement for
Gigantomachia\!\]

The constellations who hated the scenario, reached the end of the scenario and
enjoyed the scenario. They desperately climbed the ladder of the scenario,
mocked the incarnations and kicked the ladder towards the top. The victim of
the tragedy became the subject of the tragedy.

I declared towards the horror-stricken incarnations. "I want to break the
scenario."


