### Chapter 41: Ep. 9  Omniscient Sunfish, V

The cold sensation numbed my fingers. Dammit, I really wanted to beat this guy
up. But...

There was something strange.

"...Yoo Joonghyuk?"

This guy, he didn't look back. A grey-white aura was flowing from Yoo
Joonghyuk's body. The aura felt ominous and caused my hairs to rise.

I instinctively took a step back. Looking closer, the aura was connected to an
old man sitting on a chair on the eighth floor. I knew everything the moment I
saw this old man.

\[The 'Theatre Master's Simulacrum' has been revealed.\]

...Dammit, it had become like this. Yoo Joonghyuk emanated the whitish aura and
slowly turned towards me. It was the worst situation.

\[The 'Theatre Master's Simulacrum' has controlled the character 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

Goosebumps covered my entire body. A formidable killing intent was rising from
the guy who lost all sense of reason. There was no 'character' in the world
who could stop this guy now.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used Force Palm Lv. 4\!\]

I barely managed to open my mouth.

"W-Wait a minute\!"

Kwaaaang\!

I experienced a strong pain in my side and my consciousness became numb. As
this person who did as he liked shot forward, pages flipped through my head. I
was alert.

 ...The 8th turn Yoo Joonghyuk didn't die in Theatre Dungeon because he was
weak. Strictly speaking, Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't lucky.

The boss of the 'Theatre Dungeon' is the worst opponent for a regressor lie
Yoo Joonghyuk... 

My breathing was back.

"Kuhup...heook."

\[The External Reinforced Suit is damaged.\]

\[There is a reduction in the defense.\]

I got up while holding my abdomen. It was a really nonsensical attack power. I
ate so many ampoules yet still received this much damage from one blow?

One blow dealt huge damage and I was blown away to the other side of the
rooftop.

\[The character 'Jung Heewon' has used Demon Slaying Lv. 2\!\]

In the distance, Jung Heewon's eyes were burning. I tried to get up but my
body wasn't listening to me.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used Hundred Steps Godly Fists Lv. 4\!\]

The current Jung Heewon wasn't Yoo Joonghyuk's opponent. She could endure a
few blows due to Demon Slaying but blood started to emerge from Jung Heewon's
mouth.

Yoo Joonghyuk was much stronger than I expected.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[There is too much information about this person. Character List is converted
to Character Summary.\]

\[Only randomly specified items will be displayed according to User's
convenience.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Yoo Joonghyuk.

Exclusive Attributes: Regressor \(3rd turn\) \(Myth\), Pro Gamer \(Rare\)

Exclusive Skills: Sage's Eye Lv. 8, Hand to Hand Combat Lv. 8, Advanced
Weapons Training Lv. 5, Mental Barrier Lv. 5, Hundred Steps Godly Fists Lv. 2,
Red Phoenix Shunpo Lv. 1...Omitted...

Stigma: Regression Lv. 3, Transmission Lv. 1

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 28, Strength Lv. 27, Agility Lv. 26, Magic Power
Lv. 25.

\* The character is currently in a loss of reason state.

This bastard. He activated a new stigma.

Transmission. It was a stigma that allowed Yoo Joonghyuk to wake up the skills
he had in the past over time. Through this stigma, Yoo Joonghyuk would become
a full-scale monster.

"Master\!"

At this time, Lee Jihye came upstairs. The jerk flying towards Jung Heewon
turned towards Lee Jihye.

Kwa kwa kwa kwa\!

"Kyaaack\!"

Thanks to the favour of the Duke of Loyalty and Warfare or maybe Ghost Walk,
Lee Jihye fortunately avoided the blow. I shouted toward Lee Jihye.

"He is being controlled\! Go after the theater master\!"

However, Lee Jihye wasn't free enough to do so. In the end, we couldn't reach
the theatre master without going through Yoo Joonghyuk.

Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye's eyes crossed. Their swords moved towards Yoo
Joonghyuk at the same time.

It was the combo of Kendo and Sword Training. But the combo that damaged even
the T-Rex didn't work on Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Kuheok\!"

Lee Jihye was hit in the face with Hundred Steps Godly Fists, spat out blood
and collapsed.

\[The character 'Jung Heewon' has activated the exclusive skill 'Judgment
Time'.\]

\[Constellations of the Absolute Good system are silent at Jung Heewon's
request.\]

\[The skill has been cancelled.\]

Jung Heewon cursed.

"Dammit...not this guy as well?"

It was natural. Yoo Joonghyuk was ruthless but his essence was 'righteous'.

Jung Heewon was hit by a force punch and lost her sword, rolling across the
ground. In this desperate moment, Lee Gilyoung used the special skill
'Mjolnir's Thunder' from behind me.

Kukukung\!

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has offset the impact of the attack with
'Lightning Resistance'.

Yoo Joonghyuk looked this way. Shit. I knew he would be strong but... this much?
I touched Lee Gilyoung's shoulder and staggered forward.

"Gilyoung. Please. Do you know what to do?"

Lee Gilyoung quickly noticed and immediately nodded.

"Yes, hyung."

"I'm sorry."

"No."

Lee Gilyoung started to mumble something straight away. Lee Gilyoung's pupils
slowly reversed. I didn't want to do this but now I had to mobilize all my
cards.

\[You have used the Tyrant T-Rex's DNA Ampoule.\]

\[All stats will explosively increase for 30 minutes\!\]

Yes...let's fight you son of a bitch.

\[Physique Lv. 24 -> Physique Lv. 34\]

\[Strength Lv. 24 -> Strength Lv. 34\]

\[Agility Lv. 20 -> Agility Lv. 30\]

\[Magic Power Lv. 15 -> Magic Power Lv. 25\]

\[The vitality in your body is rising\!\]

\[The potential of your muscles have exploded\!\]

\[You can move more agilely than before.\]

\[Your heart is seething with an unknown energy\!\]

The gap in insufficient skills was filled with overwhelming stats.

If Yoo Joonghyuk's Transmission was complete, it would be a useless gamble.
But it was possible since the skill level was low.

Still, it would only be for a moment. This moment was good.

\[The exclusive skill 'Purest Sword Force Lv. 1' has been activated.\]

\[The accumulation of stats will increase the level of Purest Sword Force\!\]

\[Purest Sword Force Lv. 1 -> Purest Sword Force Lv. 2.\]

The feeling of the magic power at my fingertips changed. I didn't have to run
as he rushed towards me first. I realized my momentum was unusual as he pulled
out his sword for the first time.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used 'Breaking the Sky Energy Lv. 2'.\]

Kakakakak\!

Sparks flew from our blades. Neither Yoo Joonghyuk or I stepped back. I felt
tremendous pressure as I gripped the blade. Blue ether burned around his
blade.

At this point, it was wonderful beyond admiration. In the world of Ways of
Survival, higher stats created an absolute gap in power. Now my physical stats
were over 30 while Yoo Joonghyuk's were around 20.

Still, he wasn't pushed by me at all. No, it was to the point where I was
pushed. I gritted my teeth.

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 2 has been
activated\!\]

As soon as the skill was activated, Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts entered my mind.

 It is painful. 

 Several more times in the future. 

 Do I need to repeat this? 

I was furious. This bastard, already?

"Wake up you jerk\!"

I struck his sword with all my might and stretched out a fist towards his jaw.
The attack was possible because I read his movements with Omniscient Reader's
Viewpoint.

Supak\!

My fist hit his chin and he stumbled for the first time.

 Once the regression begins, everything will go back to the beginning. 

All my companions will lose their memories and my history is erased. 

"You idiot\!

Then everything will repeat again. 

In fact, sunfish were very durable creatures. They died because they were
vulnerable to stress, not because they were weak.

Just like this guy in front of me.

The theater master was able to control Yoo Joonghyuk was due to his uneasy
mental state. The theatre master had weak physical abilities but the best
mental abilities. If Yoo Joonghyuk's Mental Barrier was over level 80,000,
this wouldn't have happened.

 What am I...? 

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were blurred. I was furious once I heard the thoughts in
his head.

"Aren't you a real protagonist?"

As someone who read all 3,149 chapters of Ways of Survival, I was furious.

"Haven't you only regressed three times?"

I once again hit his head with all my strength. Was it a miracle? The blow to
his jaw slowed him down a bit. I didn't miss the opportunity and kicked his
chest.

"Do you really think so? You have already forgotten the determination of your
first attempt."

I am the only living thing in this world. 

A lonely voice.

"You bastard... don't fall into those sentiments."

I shouted while blocking his sword.

"If you can't find the meaning of life in front of you, didn't you decide to
live for the greater cause?"

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is activated\!\]

I didn't know who I was talking to anymore. Hot flames sprang up from the
blade. My eyes stung and my skin became raw from the heat. My voice was
breathless. Maybe I was also lost in the moment.

 I am alone. 

It was as if I was Yoo Joonghyuk or even lived Yoo Joonghyuk's life. My chest
was tight.

"Alone?"

 I... 

"What did I come here for if you are alone?"

 I... 

My sword struck and tore at his hands. Blood flowed and the flesh was torn. I
wielded the sword like a madman. I gritted my teeth.

"Why are you alone? When you died like a fool in the Theatre Dungeon, when you
cried over your dead little sister, when the prophet stabbed you in the back\!
When your loved one gave birth to a child...\!"

As I was talking, I strangely recalled other memories. Letters and letters
passed. My old memories of Ways of Survival.

"You went crazy after your child died\!"

The complex memories of his family affairs and things he experienced passed
through my mind.

"Fighting against the demon kings and the returnees\!"

The nightmares of the senior officers in the army.

"Helping people and fighting against the damn reincarnators\! When you finally
stood before the constellations\!"

The days when I struggled to get a job and when my bosses were vile and
abusive. Everything was in order to live. In order to survive every day.

"Look around you and try to live somehow\!"

Even so, I returned home. I felt relieved when reading one novel.

"I..."

My hand holding the blade trembled. I became too excited. Dammit. I just
needed to buy enough time.

I breathed roughly and looked ahead. But...something was strange. Was it an
illusion? It was only a moment but a dim light was returning to Yoo
Joonghyuk's hand.

 I... 

Some things couldn't be understood even if I read his mind. My heart thumped
the moment I saw Yoo Joonghyuk's look.

\[The excessive immersion has caused the 'Fourth Wall' to shake.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were staring straight at me.

 You... who are you? 


