### Chapter 85: Ep. 17  SSS-grade Talent, IV

 The greatest good person can turn into the worst killer at any time. 

This was a sentence that described Guam Divine Doctor in Ways of Survival.

Guam Divine Doctor Heo Jun.

According to the records in Ways of Survival, the task that Heo Jun devoted
his last years to wasn't medicine but poison. Like many great people who later
became constellations, Heo Jun reached a level beyond the actual history
records.

 "If I make a poison that can kill anyone, I can make a pill that can save
anyone." 

Heo Jun was banished after the death of King Seonjo and devoted his last seven
years to this question.

Why was poison a medicine for some people and a poison for others? One day in
his last years, he finally reached a mystical answer.

 "It isn't the body but the spirit that determines the action of the poison."


A poison made by analyzing a thousand souls. The result was the heavenly
poison that flowed out of Lee Seolhwa's body, the Thousand Spirits Poison.

Dongui Bogam was actually written from Heo Jun's failure to reach Thousand
Spirits Poison.

"Kiik, kiiik\!"

I moved through the Thousand Spirits Poison and dealt a merciless blow to Lee
Seolhwa.

Lee Seolhwa flew through the air. It wasn't hard to defeat Lee Seolhwa if her
poison was disabled.

It was the Thousand Spirits Poison that solidified her reputation as one of
the Ten Evils. If I hadn't got the Dongui Bogam, I would've become a sacrifice
of her reputation...

This time her luck was bad.

\[The constellation 'Guam Divine Doctor' is looking at you like he is sorry.\]

\[The constellation 'Guam Divine Doctor' is looking forward to you dealing
with this properly.\]

\[300 coins have been sponsored.\]

The 'Parasite' infection was irrelevant to Guam Divine Doctor's intentions. In
other words, Lee Seolhwa's attack on me wasn't according to Lee Seolhwa's
will.

By the way, only sponsoring 300 coins...

\[The constellation 'Seo Ae Il Pil' is looking forward to you dealing with
this properly.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' expects you to do your best.\]

\[300 coins have been sponsored.\]

I ignored the response of the constellations and approached Lee Seolhwa. Lee
Seolhwa crawled across the ground with fear.

I could feel Yoo Joonghyuk's gaze in the distance. Yoo Joonghyuk would
probably be hurt badly if Lee Seolhwa died here.

I looked at the fallen Lee Seolhwa and opened my mouth. "Hey."

To be exact, I spoke to Parasite Antinus inside her.

"It would be good if you come out."

"Kik?"

"It isn't too late now. Return to your duties as a guide. Teach people skills
and get along with them."

"..."

"If you work hard, maybe you can become a constellation one day?"

The Parasite Queen, Antinus was a strong hero.

It wasn't possible for her to exert all her strength because she was
restricted by the probabilities. It wasn't impossible for her to become a
constellation if she continued to be a 'guide' and accumulated history.

"You humans... I hate..."

The problem was that she thought of humans as enemies. It was also a mortal
enemy. I glanced at the disaster meteorite that was intermittently shaking.

"I am sorry that your world was destroyed. But is it necessary to destroy this
world? Are you going to reproduce the same tragedy here?"

"...All of you will die."

I watched the smiling Antinus and sighed. If she didn't go out on her own, I
would have to force her out.

In fact, I didn't want to use this method. It wasn't just due to the pain Lee
Seolhwa would go through. I didn't want the burden of dealing with Antinus
after she left the body.

I glanced up at the sky. The constellations of the Korean peninsula. I owed
them a debt last time so this time I had to make a concession.

\[The special option of Dongui Bogam  Incomplete has been activated.\]

\[Dongui Bogam  Incomplete has conveyed the essence of Oriental medicine to
you.\]

I had an incomplete version of Dongui Bogam so I couldn't do miracles like
making a powerful poison or saving a dying person. However, I could do simple
treatments.

For example, taking a parasite out of a body.

Her body had to be bound for a smooth treatment, so I held Lee Seolhwa's arms
from behind, holding her to the ground. It was a misleading position but her
consciousness was buried deep inside her.

Common sense told me not to go after Yoo Joonghyuk's ex-girlfriend unless I
was a madman. Especially in front of Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes.

\[The exclusive skill 'Hit a Pressure Point Lv. 2' is activated.\]

I started to press at different pressure points on Lee Seolhwa's body.

Soon after, her skin turned red and I planted a needle made of magic power
into her reacting blood. It was my first time doing this so I didn't know if
it would work.

"Kiiit\! It hurts\! It huuuuurts\!"

Lee Seolhwa howled loudly. I ignored her and kept pressing the pressure
points.

"Kiiit\! Kihit\! Kyaaaak...\!"

Then Lee Seolhwa's screams gradually changed. It changed from the cry of an
insect to a human voice.

The mysterious thing was using Oriental medicine to remove a parasite from the
body. I was embarrassed that a person who had relied on Western medicine so
far was now practicing Eastern medicine.

\[The essence of Oriental medicine is effective\!\]

\[The constellation 'Guam Divine Doctor' is looking at you with a warm
expression.\]

I got up while Lee Seolhwa gasped for breath.

Yellow mucus was flowing from the glands in her body where poison had been
secreted. The mucus was the main body of a Parasite.

"K...Kuock..."

This would've satisfied the constellations.

\[The constellation 'Guam Divine Doctor' thanks you for your good deed.\]

\[500 coins have been sponsored.\]

Lee Seolhwa's eyes slowly opened. Consciousness had returned to her eyes but
there was still no focus.

It was because she had been infected with a Parasite not long ago. She
wouldn't be able to see my face right now with her five senses half dead.

"You... who are you?"

I was well aware of the events that would happen if I answered this question.
A similar thing happened when Yoo Joonghyuk saved Lee Seolhwa in other rounds.
That's why the important thing wasn't my identity.

"I was sent by Yoo Joonghyuk."

Kim Dokja. Don't do anything unnecessary.

Yoo Joonghyuk's angry voice pierced my ears. Lee Seolhwa's expression changed.

"...Yoo Joonghyuk? Who is that?"

"You will soon find out."

Poisoner Lee Seolhwa had to become part of Yoo Joonghyuk's group.

After the prophets appeared and the Absolute Throne broke, the flow of this
world was slowly changing from what I knew.

It was difficult to make the mistakes of the original but it was also hard to
see the future that I didn't know.

That's why it was necessary to balance the important events directly. Some
things flowed the same while others flowed differently.

There were twists and turns but in any case, I thought that this 'round' was
approaching the ideal approximation that I was thinking of. And the Poisoner...
No, Immortal Doctor Lee Seolhwa could be one of the greatest set points of
this approximation.

"Kim Dokja, this side is done\!"

I turned around and saw Han Sooyoung and Yoo Sangah approaching this way.
Amazing. The two of them swept up that many people?

It might be a situation where the Poisoner was missing but they were still the
'Poisoner's Group'...

The original plan became meaningless. The two of them might be comparable to
Lee Jihye's Ghost Fleet and Gong Pildu's Armed Zone.

"Wait, don't come over here."

I had to restrain their movements. It was difficult if they didn't have
immunity to being infected. This fight hadn't ended yet.

Kiiiit... human...\!

The mucus that escaped from Lee Seolhwa's body gathered in a ball at one point
in the air.

Parasite Queen Antinus. She was scary in parasitic mode but even scarier when
she didn't have a host.

The mucus moved like a small bug and formed a shape. It was a body made of
nutrients that had been absorbed for many years. It was a body with beautiful
curves and solid muscles.

She had dragonfly-like wings and a tail that resembled a scorpion. She was
covered in an insect's shell apart from the face, but she looked more like a
bipedal creature than an insect.

The real battle started now.

"Get away before you are infected\!"

The sharp tail aimed for my stomach.

\[The effect of the Dongui Bogam  Incomplete has been activated.\]

\[Your body is immune from a parasitic infection.\]

It was so fast I couldn't avoid it despite having over 50 agility. I narrowly
caught the tail before it pierced me. But if it hit, I would've definitely got
a hole in my stomach.

Kik.

She used the fact that I was holding her tail to fly towards me and hit me. I
was knocked onto the ground and a strong pain filled my body.

Strong. She became even stronger when she wasn't in a host. The power of her
main body was comparable to a 5th grade insect king species.

Once Antinus unleashed her fighting power, it was equivalent to the
deteriorated fire dragon I once killed.

It might be destroyed but she was still the hero of her world. She was as
strong as Lycaon who emerged from the yellow meteorite.

This didn't mean I had no chance.

It was a clear violation of the scenario rules for the 'guide' to cause such
an uproar before the fifth scenario ended. It wasn't just killing a few
people. She even tried to hatch a disaster, which meant she had given up on
her probability.

The sign of a probability storm was already descending on Antinus' body.

As time passed, the collapse of her body would accelerate, even if I didn't
attack. It was a fight I could win if I just bought time.

Kiiiiit\!

The problem was how much time I could buy before dying. At this moment, the
Protection Symbol of the Imyuntar started shaking.

Ah, that's right. There was this. I held my aching body and said to her, "I'm
sorry but I'm not your opponent."

As I spoke, a flash of silver light crossed the sky, causing a sonic boom. The
gorgeous mane scattered in the air as something landed in front of me with a
loud roar. The being was over three meters tall.

Lycaon, Prince of the Imyuntar, stood up.

"I'm sorry for the delay, Protector."


