### Chapter 489: Ep. 93 - Omniscient Author's Viewpoint, III

The sight of Jung Heewon running forward could be seen.

She slid among the 'Nameless Ones' like the moonlight sliding off the blade.

The answer she was searching for was there.

\[Incarnation Jung Heewon's  is 'Salvation'.\]

Everyone had their own . Finally, the moment of choosing their own
conclusions had arrived for the <Kim Dokja's Company>'s companions.

"Jung Heewon\!"

Her \[Judge's Sword\] drew a spectacular trajectory. The companions watched
that sword trajectory and hurriedly chased after her.

Lee Gilyoung was about to leap into the air along with Yoo Sangah, but had to
stop because of a girl was about to be left behind.

"Shin Yoosung..."

Shin Yoosung standing there all alone, was crying. Standing in the exact same
location as before, her feet not going anywhere, and her gaze fixed on one
spot  it was quite clear what she was looking at right now.

\[Story, 'Saviour of a Star', is continuing on with its storytelling.\]

It was the Story that only Shin Yoosung possessed.

A Constellation and an Incarnation, connected through that radiating
starlight. The light emitted by the Story was so beautiful and radiant that
Lee Gilyoung unknowingly reached out towards Shin Yoosung.

Lee Gilyoung was envious of Shin Yoosung.

Just what was it like for one person to understand another?

He was too young to truly understand the meaning of the word 'understand'
itself. Sometimes he'd feel this sense of deprivation because of that, but on
the other hand, he actually liked the fact that his age could be used as an
excuse.

It's possible for you to not get it yet. But, that's okay.

You don't need to do this, but I'm sorry that we have to rely on you,
Gilyoung-ah...

Hey, kid, stop showing off and get back.

He was relieved. He even thought that it was a fortunate thing.

It was fortunate that he got to meet such people in a world like this one.
People that he could rely on and act like a child, yet still could remind him
with the fact that he was indeed a child.

However, Shin Yoosung was here, too

There was another child with them who didn't act like one. It was a girl who
always looked up at a star. Lee Gilyoung also looked up at the same star  the
star he liked. He knew very well the sorrowful light that star emitted, and
how its colour would change when it tried to hide its true intentions or tried
to lie.

However, he didn't know as well as Shin Yoosung did.

"How long are you going to stand around dazed like that? Let's go."

Shin Yoosung absentmindedly turned her head towards him. While meeting her
gaze, Lee Gilyoung snatched up her hand. Then, the two kids began running.
Sweat filled the tightly-held small hand.

'I don't understand Dokja-hyung as much as Shin Yoosung'.

She was the Incarnation of the Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation'. No
one could pry them apart or get in between them.

"You think you're the only one worried about hyung? You think you're the only
one feeling sad?"

Lee Gilyoung shouted without even looking back and continued to drag Shin
Yoosung. He hated the idea of looking younger than her. But for at least
today, he wanted to behave like a child.

"I don't like the Han River. I like oceans better. And I don't like pizza but
prefer fried chicken."

He too had been saved by that star, that's why.

"Going to the PC Bang\! Playing phone games\! And...\!"

The star he liked so much could be seen in the distance. However, it didn't
look like a star now.

"And, also..."

The star, the subject of jealousy and envy from the Constellations that ruled
the heavens, was now...

...

...Now looked like a scary great demon from the webtoons the boy enjoyed reading
so much.

The moment that huge head with tentacles wiggling about turned in his
direction, Lee Gilyoung's running legs froze still.

The king of another world, now grown to a height even taller than a
skyscraper.

The 'Enemy of the Story'.

The villain who would destroy this world.

Did that demon look like Kim Dokja to Shin Yoosung?

"I..."

Lee Gilyoung muttered while trying to fight against his body's trembling.
Against the fear that that thing might not be Kim Dokja he used to know.

\[Do not get fooled\!\]

\[That creature will destroy this world\!\]

\[He's a being that only cares about himself. To him, your survival holds no
meaning at all.\]

Actually, the Kim Dokja he had been looking at was wrong.

"Hyung, are you a god?"

"...Wha?"

"Or, are you the 'protagonist'?"

The fear that the words spoken by the Dokkaebis turned out to be correct.

"I'm not a god nor am I a protagonist. In fact, I've been always envious of
the real protagonist."

Lee Gilyoung finally managed to stop the trembling and worked up his courage
to look up. The vast Outer God's eye was now looking straight at the boy.

Kim Dokja's heart couldn't be seen; not a single thing about that Outer God
felt like Kim Dokja.

The only thing remaining was belief.

 Gilyoung-ah. There is more than one way to form relationships.

Some time ago, he had a chat with Yoo Sangah regarding his dilemma related to
Shin Yoosung. At the time, she answered like this after closing shut the book
she was reading.

 It's similar to how different people interpret the same sentence
differently. So...

Lee Gilyoung wasn't much of an avid reader so that comparison didn't resonate
with him. Still...

 I think I understand.

He too had his own skill of conversing with the others.

 It kinda feels different when talking to a praying mantis and a cockroach.

The \[Diverse Communication\] was such a skill, that allowed him to
communicate with species different than his. However, the boy lacked a skill
to understand other human beings.

What kind of a person was Kim Dokja? He wasn't sure.

However, there was this one image that popped into his head first when trying
to think of the person called Kim Dokja  the sight of people with their heads
or bodies blown up.

"I'm going to trouble you for a bit."

And then, the face of Kim Dokja as he placed a grasshopper within the boy's
grasp.

\[Story, 'Insect King', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Suddenly, the surrounding view shook and a Story began waking up within the
boy.

\[Constellation, 'Ruler of the Deepest Pit', is grinning insidiously.\]

A swarm of yellow locusts buzzing in from somewhere swirled like a tornado and
began enveloping the entire world.

On that day, Lee Gilyoung thought to himself that it'd been nicer for the
whole subway train to be flipped on its head. Just like the grasshopper that
died in his hands.

This incredible feast of Status caused the 'Outer Gods' to scream.

Constellations of <Star Stream> began pouring out their messages.

\[Constellations leaning on the Absolute Evil spectrum are warning the 'Ruler
of the Deepest Pit'\!\]

\[Portion of Demon Kings are greatly astonished by the Incarnation's power\!\]

The Story flowing vigorously ignored the gazes of the Constellations and
continued on with its storytelling. This story was something the boy hadn't
told any adults yet.

And it was a story that Shin Yoosung, also a possessor of the \[Diverse
Communication\], knew a little bit of.

"You didn't even have enough money so why did you go and have a kid..."

This intense stink of the brown coal, the sight of his father and mother lying
on the ground like dead cockroaches  memories of him poking on the cold,
unmoving flesh. A funeral without portraits came to an end, and the fatigued
eyes of his relatives looking at him.

"That girl Yeong-Mi, I knew she'd do something like this. She was told that
that bastard wasn't good for her, yet she..."

"So, who's going to take that boy in? What about the eldest brother's..."

"We can't. There are three kids in our place already."

Lee Gilyoung didn't know the proper words to describe his life that had been
rejected from a very young age. He didn't have any ability to explain or
express how big of a wound that was. And that wound continued to fester,
unable to be healed or discovered.

"Look for an organisation. There are places that look after kids like him."

Lee Gilyoung got dragged by his aunt's hand and climbed on the Seoul-bound
train. And he felt dizzy while looking at the map of ant tunnel-like Seoul's
subway network.

There were so many tunnels here, and he didn't know where he was heading off
to.

The grasshoppers inside the insect catcher cried like a lost child.

"This boy, really now\! Throw them away\! Hurry\! They don't live all that
long, anyway. So disgusting\!"

What would've happened to him if the scenarios didn't start on that day?

"Dokja hyung\!"

What if he didn't get to meet these people?

"Dokja hyung\! I'm over here\!"

Lee Gilyoung cried out loudly enough to tear out his vocal cords.

It was fine if his voice couldn't reach its target. It was fine if he wasn't
Kim Dokja's Incarnation.

"Gilyoung-ah. If you can't say it, then it's okay to not say anything.
However, you must remember this one thing, okay?"

The boy wanted to say this to him.

"When you wish to say something, this hyung will be by your side to listen."

...That, Dokja hyung wasn't a villain.

...That, he was a just regular person who happened to rescue the boy from other
regular people.

\[Kill him\! We only have to push a little bit harder\!\]

\[They are failures from a different world-line\! Do not mind it and push
harder\! Killing them now will end this\!\]

The ranks of the 'Outer Gods' fighting out in the front were crumbling now.
One of the sides seemed to break down completely, then a group of Incarnations
led by the Myth-grade Constellations began advancing towards Kim Dokja. He
needed to stop them somehow.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

\[Applicable action is prohibited by the Bureau's Probability.\]

\[The target you wish to protect is the Enemy of the Story.\]

He needed to convince them that Dokja hyung wasn't a person like that. But,
how should he...

Ku-gugugugu...

Even as his enemies rushed in, Kim Dokja simply stood there like a wall. He
seemed to be saying something every so often, yet those words couldn't be
understood. Lee Gilyoung wanted to understand them, though. He hated leaning
against the wall, all powerless and helpless. He wanted to stand on Kim
Dokja's side.

He didn't care if this sort of world was destroyed or not. If Kim Dokja was
the enemy of a story, then he'd also become this 'Enemy of the Story', too.

However, Kim Dokja was too difficult to understand for him.

He hated the fact that he was a little kid. If only he was an adult. If only
he was Han Sooyoung, Yoo Joonghyuk, or Jung Heewon...

...If only he was Shin Yoosung.

He felt the sensation of the tightly-held hand. Shin Yoosung was still there.

"...You idiot. Wake up."

The swarm of locusts flying around settled down.

Shin Yoosung spoke up. "I can't understand ahjussi, either."

\[Exclusive skill, 'Superlative Diverse Communication', is activating\!\]

"I'm just doing my best trying to understand."

The skill of these two kids that allowed them to control the Chimera Dragon
activated simultaneously. And now, they were in the most optimum state to
understand each other.

Lee Gilyoung couldn't read Kim Dokja. However, Shin Yoosung seemed to know
how, at least just a little bit.

The Story these two read together began rocking the world. And it was as if
Kim Dokja's face could be seen ever so faintly now. It seemed like the figure
of Kim Dokja they knew was almost within reach.

\[Story, 'Saviour of the Star', is having a chat with the Story, 'Insect
King\!\]

"Hey, kids."

Han Sooyoung stood next to them as if to provide protection. And Lee Hyunsung,
Jung Heewon, and Yoo Sangah stood nearby to protect them in turn.

Adults looking at the world together with the kids were here.

Lee Jihye's battleship cast a shadow from the air. Both Gong Pildu and Lee
Seolhwa could be seen near the cannons of the vessel. Lee Jihye then
unsheathed her sword as if to imply that she was ready to fire at any time she
wanted to.

That prompted the Great Dokkaebi Onsae to ask them.

\[Are you trying to protect him? Even though you know what kind of existence
he is? He's no longer the 'Kim Dokja' that you know. The truth has been
exposed to the rest of the world...\!\]

"Don't make me laugh. That ain't the truth. You think truth is that simple?
What you've shown is simply edited footage. And that's how you've all been
creating scenarios so far, right?" Han Sooyoung spoke to the approaching
Constellations as if to issue a warning. "Don't care whether he's become the
'Enemy of the Story' or whatever, he's still our companion. So, don't you dare
touch him. Got that?"

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is roaring out\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is exposing her Status\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is charging up his lightning\!\]

"You touch him, and we'll kill you all."

The moment the Constellations protecting <Kim Dokja's Company> made a move,
the powerful momentum of the opposing Constellations froze still for a moment
there.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

\[A portion of Constellations agree with Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung's' words,
and...\!\]

Great Dokkaebi Harong detected the tremor within the Probability and promptly
cut the messages off.

\[How laughable. You want to protect him? You lot who can't even understand
what he's saying?\]

\[<Star Stream> is warning the Great Dokkaebis for their interference in the
scenario\!\]

Frustrated by how the scenario wasn't unfolding in the way they desired, a
Great Dokkaebi enduring the aftermath's storm asked them.

\[Can you not see his current appearance?\]

Incarnations that got near Kim Dokja shrunk back and began retreating away. It
was the same story whether they were Incarnations hostile towards him or
carrying a favourable impression of him.

The Outer God, now reaching high up into the heavens. The moment everyone
looked into his eye containing the abyss itself, they shuddered and collapsed
on their butts.

\[None of you know what he feels, what he desires, and what he thinks about.
Because you are all measly humans. Because you are creatures that can never
understand another existence even if you devote your entire lifetime to it.\]

Everyone from <Kim Dokja's Company> looked up at Kim Dokja. What the Great
Dokkaebi said was true. They couldn't understand him.

\[The target you wish to protect is the Enemy of the Story.\]

As if to wake up the characters that had forgotten their roles, the Great
Dokkaebi shouted out loudly. \[None of you have a choice in this matter\! Kill
him. If you don't, this scenario will not end\!\]

\['King of the Stories' is observing the direction of the Final Scenario.\]

The oldest storyteller in this world was also watching the unfolding events.

Along with her companions, Han Sooyoung raised her head, and looked at the
place where the 'King of the Stories' was  the being that summarised all the
scenarios. She looked at the endlessly-stretching \[Final Wall\].

That wall is where their story would be recorded.

"The scenario won't end? Nice. Is that not what every reader wishes for?"

\[Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung' has gotten much closer to her .\]

Han Sooyoung then looked up at Kim Dokja. When she glared continuously at the
giant head of the cephalopod, she thought that it began to resemble Kim
Dokja's face just a little bit.

"The story I'm writing definitely requires that idiot Kim Dokja's presence."

Han Sooyoung roughly unfurled the bandages like an author ripping up the
manuscript she didn't like. Her Story dyed in the \[Black Flame\] spread out
in the air like pitch-black ink.

As if to imply that she could write as long as she wanted to.

\[<Star Stream> is surprised by the Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung's' decision\!\]

\[Many Constellations are astonished by the Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung's' ,
and...\]

\[The target you wish to protect is the Enemy of the Story.\]

\[Applicable action is prohibited by the Bureau's Probab...\]

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...\!

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is proud of his Incarnation.\]

Han Sooyoung smirked. "Let's not end the scenario, forever."

\[Incarnation Han Sooyoung's  is 'Neverending Story'.\]


