### Chapter 448: Ep. 84 - 1864, IV

Why did the 'Secretive Plotter' watch our Story until now?

"Answer me."

He was the king of Outer Gods, and he had seen his 'Conclusion'. Meaning, if
he wanted to eliminate me he'd have done so even if it cost a huge amount of
Probability.

However, he didn't do that.

The 'Secretive Plotter' was now looking at Yoo Joonghyuk and me.

His consciousness was far too deep and extensive that I'd not be able to
understand even if I used the \[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint\] on him. That
might've been the case, but at least in this moment, I thought that I could
understand him.

 If I plagiarised the 'Ways of Survival' for my novel, then what were you
plagiarised from?

Han Sooyoung of the 1863rd turn asked me that question.

Even though I knew the answer, I didn't give her one. Because I didn't want to
admit it.

The world created by her during the 1863rd turn was, in a way, far more
complete than the life I had led. Everyone from the original novel was alive,
and Seoul possessed the necessary infrastructure to deal with the Final
Scenario, too.

The only thing missing in that picture was 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.

I thought that was unfair. I thought that the world copied from the original
with its main character excluded was wrong.

Certain copies can surpass the original.

Despite that, I couldn't take my eyes off the world that Han Sooyoung had
created. Even when I thought it was wrong. Because her story contained the
elements that I was also aiming for.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at you.\]

Did copyright exist for one's life, too?

But, was it okay to describe one's life as a 'work of an author'?

Demon King of Salvation.

The one who offered up his life for the sake of another world-line's success
was now looking straight at me. The only man in this world who possessed the
'right' to witness the 'Conclusion'.

Even then, he couldn't see the end he wanted to see. Such a man grabbed Yoo
Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] with his bare hand and spoke up.
Is a story with no proper 'Ending' a failed story?

Stories flowed out from the fingers cut by the blade. Stories that I was
intimately familiar with.

The story that I read for over ten years.

Do you truly, honestly believe that a 'proper conclusion' exists in this
world?

Yoo Joonghyuk hurriedly swung the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], causing the
Plotter's figure to distance himself.

'Stay sharp, Kim Dokja. He's going to come at us seriously now'.

\[Attribute, 'Demon King Slayer', is activating\!\]

\[Attribute, 'Terror of Stars', is activating\!\]

The sword made to cut down Demon Kings and Constellation began crying out.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is howling out\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', is continuing with its
storytelling\!\]

A person who completed a 'Giant Story' through nothing but his own life was
right before us.

Kka-gagagagack\!\!

We couldn't handle the approaching Story and were forced back. Like soaked
cotton, the whole body felt heavy. The Tongtian's waters overturned and the
bottom of the river got exposed.

We used the exposed bottom as our support and swung the sword towards the sky.

Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

Destruction Technique.

Breaking the Sky Meteor Strike.

The thunderbolt stabbing into the sky shot out from the tip of the \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\]. The Statuses of a Demon King and a Constellation, as
well as a Transcendent, were added on top of the multiple sword lights that
hacked the sky like a falling meteor shower.

And the other side shifted his \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] as well.

Kwa-kwakwakwa\!\!

He also possessed the same techniques we possessed. Two identical meteor
showers collided in the air and a massive explosion rang out.

When the technique was the same, what decided the outcome was the proficiency
as well as the Status of the Story.

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', is remembering the story.\]

Unfortunately, we couldn't claim an advantage in either of those aspects.

'Kim Dokja\!'

That didn't mean we'd back off here, though.

I desperately unleashed other Stories while still operating the Hell of
Eternity.

\[Story, 'One who Murdered the Outer God', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The reason why our opponent held the upper hand was due to the two attributes
 'Demon King Slayer' and 'Terror of Stars'. In that case, we needed to
unshackle the Story that allowed us to fight against the 'Outer God'.

Ku-gugugugu\!\!

One Status collided with another. Blood trickled down Yoo Joonghyuk's nose.
However, he didn't back away.

Not just him, but even the Stories seemed to understand it. They perhaps knew
that, if they stopped telling their stories now, then all stories would stop
right here.

It's useless.

The Plotter's Status moved. The Giant Story's aura that previously existed in
vague ripples was rapidly changing. The Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse
morphed into a giant, and its huge palm began crushing down on us.

Yoo Joonghyuk roared out in opposition. "We too have Giant Stories\!"

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is continuing with its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is continuing with its
storytelling\!\]

The world of the Giant Stories streamed past before our eyes.

The Demon Realm's Spring that battled against Surya during the Demon King
Selection.

The Torch that Swallowed the Myth we earned while experiencing the
'Gigantomachia'.

Two Giant Stories, one taking on the figure of a lion while the other, a
dragon, began biting and tearing into the giant's palm, and resisted it.

\[41st turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is watching you.\]

\[666th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is watching you.\]

\[999th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is watching you.\]

Countless Yoo Joonghyuks within the 'Secretive Plotter' were observing this
battle.

I recalled the \[666\] and \[999\] in my mind. They should be in there
somewhere. Along with the Plotter himself, they had been watching me from the
beginning of this world-line.

They were watching the heated battle between two Yoo Joonghyuks and were
growing agitated.

\[The Stage Transformation is activating\!\]

The sky split open, then light and darkness began creating a new 'world'.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling.\]

The Season of Light and Darkness was our 'Giant Story'. But at the same
time, it was the Plotter's Story, as well.

And even in this Giant Story, Yoo Joonghyuk still lost to the Plotter.

You cannot win.

The effects of the Stage Transformation were absolute.

The history of defeat would only go on to create yet another history of
defeat.

A man wearing a white coat was looking up at the sky. And the man wearing the
black coat met that gaze.

The Plotter's eyes trembled.

Without a doubt, this was the exact same battle against the same Yoo Joonghyuk
as before. Yet, something was different. The Plotter looked down at his own
coat.

It was black.

The colour of his coat was the opposite.

Light and darkness were colliding. And one single watcher was observing the
whole story.

Incredible Status gathered on Yoo Joonghyuk's right arm. It was clear which
technique he was planning to use.

The greatest technique the current him could call upon: the \[Shooting Star
Slash\].

Back during the Apocalypse Dragon battle, Yoo Joonghyuk failed to defeat the
'Secretive Plotter' with this technique.

\[Incarnation, 'Jung Heewon', has temporarily transferred her share of the
Giant Story.\]

Everyone from <Kim Dokja's Company> in the not-too-distant battlefield was
adding their strength to us. Everyone who held shares in the Giant Story was
now participating in this battle.

\[Incarnation, 'Han Sooyoung', has temporarily transferred her share of the
Giant Story.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Shin Yoosung', has temporarily transferred her share of the
Giant Story.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Gilyoung', has temporarily transferred his share of the
Giant Story.\]

Every Story of <Kim Dokja's Company> gathered on Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\]. After seeing his Story balloon up like that, the
'Secretive Plotter' began pouring out his own Status as well.

They might be two identical Yoo Joonghyuks, but the Stories they created were
completely different.

Who is Yoo Joonghyuk?

The Stories they possessed acted like that question's answer.

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', is continuing with its
storytelling.\]

The Story of the 'Secretive Plotter' was Yoo Joonghyuk from the 1st regression
turn, 2nd, then 100th, and even the 1000th. A Story built up solely by one
person's existence piling up on top of one another.

All tragedies had become dull, and only one being's existence grew bloated.

The sword light from the swung \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] opposed that
very Story.

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

That was Yoo Joonghyuk's reply.

\[Story, 'Child of the Past and Future', has begun its storytelling.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk was Shin Yoosung.

\[Story, 'Judge of Destruction', has begun its storytelling.\]

He was Jung Heewon, and...

\[Story, 'False Saviour', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

He was also Han Sooyoung. And then...

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', is continuing with its storytelling\!\]

And, he was me.

Kwa-aaaaah\!\!

The \[Shooting Star Slash\] collided with the Plotter's Giant Story. This
fight was quite literally at a deadlock, and a moment's carelessness could
very well decide the victor. Every Story we possessed powerfully slammed
forward. And then...

\[666th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is...\]

A very small change occurred in the midst of this battle.

\[362nd turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is...\]

A deafening boom went off, and the exploding spray of the river water formed a
curtain of grey fog. The river water then rushed down on us and swept Yoo
Joonghyuk's body away. His consciousness was fading.

I subbed for him and dragged the Incarnation Body towards some nearby floating
debris to climb on top of it.

When I took a closer look, though, it wasn't some normal piece of debris, but
a small island created out of the corpses of the 'Outer Gods', instead.

It was then that I heard a voice.

There is only one difference between you and I.

As the grey fog of river water rescinded, the figure of the 'Secretive
Plotter' flopped down on the corpse island revealed itself.

You simply got lucky, and I didn't.

Tsu-chut, chuchuchut\!

His black coat was in a tattered mess. Sparks were dancing all over his body.

\[1562nd turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is...\]

\[1321st turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is...\]

'Yoo Joonghyuks' inside him were now rebelling against him. They were refusing
to heed the Plotter's will.

\[999th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' wishes to see the end of the 1864th turn.\]

His Status was decreasing little by little. And his body was also gradually
shrinking, as well. His bulging muscles were getting smaller, and his height
decreased, too.

Soon, the 'Secretive Plotter' that lost his Status had morphed into the figure
of a boy.

I staggered back to my  Yoo Joonghyuk's  feet.

"You..."

I wanted to say something, but no voice wanted to come out.

\[The absolute majority of the audience are shivering at your battle\!\]

\[A portion of the audience is...\]

We won.

Countless indirect messages flooded in, but not one of them entered my head.

The 'Secretive Plotter' was sitting on his butt all alone on top of this
island. The \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] stabbed into the floor was the only
thing supporting him.

While gripping the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] tightly, I cautiously
approached him.

Even though he was the same Yoo Joonghyuk, why did he have to live such a
different life? Why did this guy have to overcome all these tragedies by
himself?

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', is faltering in its
storytelling.\]

Was it because he didn't have any companions?

Companions...

\[41st turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is staying vigilant of you.\]

...No, he had.

He definitely had companions.

'Kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks' emerging out of his body were standing right there.

\[Youcan'tYoucan'tYoucan'tYoucan'tYoucan't\]

Kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks were now surrounding him protectively. And then, the
'Outer Gods' were surroundings those kkoma Yoo Joonghyuks.

\[TheresonlyoneTheresonlyoneTheresonlyone\]

The history that the 'Secretive Plotter' had lived through  every part of the
'Ways of Survival' he lived through was now protecting him.

\[DontkillhimDontkillhimDontkillhimDontkillhim\]

They were stories that got discarded because they failed to reach the
'Conclusion'.

I moved Yoo Joonghyuk's body again and lowered my posture towards them. When I
reached out, one of the small Outer Gods bit the extended finger. Crimson
blood formed on the tip of the bitten finger.

It was a lie that this world-line was a brand new story.

Even now, Yoo Joonghyuk's story  the 'Ways of Survival'  hadn't ended yet.

'Kim Dokja'.

He must've regained his consciousness, because Yoo Joonghyuk began talking to
me.

I didn't reply immediately, and made my way past the Outer Gods to approach
the 'Secretive Plotter'.

Now in the form of a boy, he was looking up at me while being surrounded by
the Outer Gods.

Yoo Joonghyuk saw me holding the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] tightly and
spoke. 'You'll regret this'.

No, I won't.

I raised the sword only to slowly sheathe it back in its scabbard.

Besides, you weren't going to kill him, anyway.

Yoo Joonghyuk's retort came back a little later than usual. '...Even if we kill
him, he'll simply regress again, anyway'.

Even if he was saying that, it was pretty clear what he was thinking of right
now. We had enough of this tragedy already.

\[Many Constellations are watching you.\]

\[Many Constellations can't understand your decision.\]

I didn't make this decision for the sake of earning a Story. And I knew that
this wouldn't even offer a tiny speck of solace to a life that lasted for 1864
lives.

But, even then...

"Secretive Plotter."

I called out and he looked up at me.

Even if this world had changed from the original story, even if this world was
no longer a simple novel... If it wasn't for this guy's story, this world
wouldn't have existed.

Without him, the current Kim Dokja wouldn't be here.

I definitely owed him a debt. A debt that nothing could possibly repay.

"You said that a sentence once written, can never be changed, right? I
disagree with that."

Indeed, sentences could be changed. Just like how the revised versions of the
'Ways of Survival' existed.

My Story has already come to an end.

"...And then?"

...There is no 'then'. That is what it means to end.

"Some stories can only begin anew after coming to its end. Back in the world I
lived in, there was this guy who repeatedly said that his story would end that
year, but he kept it going for over ten years."

And that very story was what helped me to survive.

"I think I heard that the story was supposed end at around the 500th chapter,
but before I knew it, it went past 1000th, and then, it shot past 2000
chapters."

...What is it that you want to say?

"That story was written up to the 3149th chapter... but the 3150th hasn't been
written."

Even if a full stop had been laid down, as long as the next sentence was
written, then the story would continue on.

The 'Secretive Plotter' should be well aware of this, too. Because he was a
guy who had been telling his story far longer than anyone else out there.

I spoke with a grin on my face. "It feels like that story is still continuing
on even right now. And maybe, it is really continuing on. I feel relieved,
actually."

You...

"Because I'm a Constellation." As the Plotter's expression hardened, I added
something else with a cold voice. "Constellations are creatures like that."

This was the answer I had chosen. This was the only way to not belittle him,
even if it ends up hurting him.

The Secretive Plotter's eyes were glaring straight at me. ...That story you
bastard have seen... His seething voice was directed at me. ...Will result in
your death. It will show you the worst end result imaginable. And as for your
Nebula...\!

"Doesn't matter."

I knew that what I was saying here could be seen as irresponsible. My petty
attempt at atonement could bring upon untold misery and misfortune for
everyone else. I knew that.

Even then, this was the best I could do right now.

"Every time that happens, I'll do my best to fight back."

The Plotter's expression was changing  to one that I couldn't make. An
expression seemingly reserved for when analysing the ends of the distant
universe. With that sort of expression, he scanned the battlefield.

The rain falling on the battlefield had stopped, and the storm clouds that the
Great Sage Heaven's Equal had summoned were receding away.

The 'Great War Against the Heavenly Worlds' was drawing to a close.

<Emperor>'s fallen Constellations were looking up at the Great Sage and the
Yogoes. The sense of defeat thickly drawn on their faces told me who today's
winner was.

\[Currently, the Story chamber I've become the retired SSSSS-grade Sun
Wukong is in possession of the 'sacred texts'.\]

\[Scenario will automatically conclude if the sacred texts are guarded for one
hour.\]

\[Ten seconds currently remaining until the conclusion of the scenario.\]

Finally, the lengthy scenario was coming to a close.

I looked up at the blindingly bright skies of the <Star Stream>. The 'Great
Dokkaebis' who'd control the Final Scenario were there, glaring at me.

\[Scenario has concluded.\!\]

\[Story chamber I've become the retired SSSSS-grade Sun Wukong has won the
scenario\!\]

Bright messages announcing an incredible amount of reward payout and words of
congratulations sent by the Constellations rained down and blanketed the sky
above.

I spotted Shin Yoosung, with Biyoo riding on top of her head, hurriedly
running towards me while waving around the 'sacred texts'.

The title of the texts was the following:

I've Become the Retired SSSSS-Grade Sun Wukong

"Ahjussi\!"

\[Shares for 'Outer God' in the applicable scenario is enormous\!\]

\[<Star Stream> is acknowledging the existence of 'Outer God'.\]

\['Outer Gods' can now officially participate in the scenarios\!\]

\(As the blinding rays of light accompanied them, the Yogoes all rose up to
the air.\)

\(Yogoes gathering around Sun Wukong as their center all howled towards the
heavens like a single colony.\)

I heard their cries.

\(It sounded like a song from an unfamiliar foreign country.\)

Next up, I spotted Jung Heewon carrying my Incarnation Body while waving her
hand. I might have heard it wrong, but I thought I heard her say "I finally
got you" or something like that.

Next up, I saw Yoo Sangah, now the 'Sakyamuni's Successor', and Jang Hayoung
carrying the enervated Lee Gilyoung.

I looked to my side to discover the 'Secretive Plotter' witnessing the same
spectacle as me.

\(The 'Journey to the West' will end here.\)

One scenario came to an end, yet the story continued on. However, even that
story would have an end.

\[You have acquired a new 'Great story'\!\]

\[You have partially completed the fourth condition of the 'Hidden Scenario 
A Single Story'\!\]

And so, ever so quietly...

\[Your Giant Story has completed the first half of the 'Conclusion'\!\]

The message foretelling the end of this world could be heard.

\[Your Nebula has acquired the qualification to enter the 'Final Scenario'.\]


