### Chapter 169: Ep. 32 - Kim Dokja's Love, VIII

Everyone made expressions of belated realization. They understood that they
hadn't thought of the fundamental problem. At this moment, Lee Jihye opened
her mouth again. "That..."

Lee Jihye raised her hand. I felt somewhat uneasy.

By the way...

"Yes, Jihye? Do you know something?"

"No, you don't think it is me...?"

What bullshit was this girl saying? Lee Jihye's comment seemed to relax the
party members.

Jung Heewon asked, "What? Did Dokja-ssi do something? That man, towards a
minor...'

"No, that's not it..."

"Then?"

"I just thought about it using common sense. I am a high school girl. Then he
should like me..."

The party members ignored Lee Jihye and continued the discussion. It was Jung
Heewon who gave her opinion first. "My guess is that Dokja-ssi's most loved
person is Yoo Sangah-ssi."

"Huh?" Yoo Sangah was startled. She was so surprised that I was hurt. "Why
me...?"

"It should be like this. In fact, Yoo Sangah-ssi's beauty... well, I don't need
to mention it."

The members nodded and Yoo Sangah's face turned red.

Jung Heewon kept speaking. "You are running around everywhere to save Dokja-
ssi... I honestly think it would be strange if Dokja-ssi doesn't like Yoo
Sangah-ssi."

Certainly, there was no one who wouldn't like Yoo Sangah. She was pretty,
kind, had a good personality...

There was no denying it.

"Huh? Just... I'm just a work colleague and received help from Dokja-ssi..."

Yoo Sangah acted like it was difficult situation before she suddenly hit back
at Jung Heewon. "I actually thought it was Heewon-ssi."

"Uh...yes? Me?"

"Yes, I think that Dokja-ssi iikes Heewon-ssi."

Jung Heewon was surprised by the unexpected counterattack and her eyes
widened. Lee Hyunsung also jumped with shock. It was an interesting hypothesis
for me as well.

"This... Dokja-ssi is really kind to Heewon-ssi. He gave you equipment and...
Heewon-ssi seemed to smile very well when talking to Dokja-ssi..."

Certainly, there seemed to be such a thing. It was very easy for me to
converse with Jung Heewon. It was in the sense that she was a 'character' I
found and raised.

The confused Jung Heewon shook her hands with a flushed face. "Huh? No, wait a
minute. That..."

The party members started to gossip again. It didn't feel good. Lee Jihye
stood alone and muttered 'Kim Dokja is trash'.

No, I didn't do anything wrong...

This time, it was Lee Gilyoung who interrupted. "I don't think 'love'
necessarily means love between a man and woman\!"

"Maybe... then what do you think Gilyoung?"

"Dokja hyung likes me."

"Why do you say that?"

"That..."

Lee Gilyoung agonized over the question before giant tears started to spill
from his eyes. It seemed that no matter how much he thought about it, he
couldn't find a reason why I would love him. This time, it was Lee Hyunsung
who spoke, "Um, ahem. Perhaps it's the love between 'comrades-in-arms'..."

People simultaneously stared at Yoo Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk, who was standing
with his arms crossed, frowned. "What are you looking at?"

Lee Jihye and Jung Heewon were whispering to each other.

"...Ah, perhaps."

"Right? Isn't this right?"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is nodding violently\!\]

At this time, the quietly listening Shin Yoosung raised her hand. "Excuse me..."

The party members tacitly realized something. Among them, the one who might
know my mind best was my incarnation Shin Yoosung.

"Y-Yes\! Yoosung\! Speak\!"

"Do you know anything?"

Shin Yoosung slowly shook her head. The expressions of the party members were
disappointed. However, Shin Yoosung's words weren't over yet.

"Why don't you just ask ahjussi?"

"What? Dokja-ssi? How?"

I suddenly felt cold. Shin Yoosung was looking exactly where I was watching
them. As always, my ominous feeling was correct.

My lovely incarnation smiled and pointed at me. "Ahjussi is listening to our
conversation after all."

...Damn.

  

* * *

  

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name is wrong.\]

"Again."

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name is wrong.\]

"One more time."

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name says he was really wrong.\]

After repeatedly apologizing, the party membersespecially Jung Heewon and Yoo
Sangah, barely forgave me.

Jung Heewon said, "Then... who is the person Dokja-ssi loves most?"

I was about to answer when Lee Hyunsung spoke up. "Come to think of it, it
might be no one here."

"Ah, that reminds me, Dokja-ssi left with that woman. The name... Han Sooyoung?"
Jung Heewon also added.

Yoo Sangah's expression hardened at Han Sooyoung's words. "Are you with that
woman right now?"

Yoo Sangah's expression was greatly disappointed because she didn't like Han
Sooyoung.

...I needed to speak before things got worse. I took a deep breath and sent an
indirect message.

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name says he doesn't love anyone.\]

An unknown atmosphere covered the party members. Some were disappointed while
some were excited. No, why were they so interested in the love life of others?

Jung Heewon said, "You have to say it precisely. There is no one 'right now'.
According to fate, Dokja-ssi will surely love someone."

Well... she wasn't wrong. Jung Heewon continued speaking. "Then I will change
the question. What type of style does Dokja-ssi like? Is it close to one of
us?"

No, why should I tell them?

"I know you are wondering why you should answer but it is important to us. If
Dokja-ssi likes one of us, we might be able to stop that fate."

...It was slightly convincing. Fate was very powerful but as I said, it wasn't
inevitable. If I knew who I loved, I might be able to go against fate.

I felt sorry that the party members were so worried about my death. However...

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name isn't sure.\]

In the end, Jung Heewon was irritated. "Oh, why are you so frustrating?"

"Ahjussi, it's fine to tell us\! Is it the time to be polite?"

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name says there is no such thing.\]

Damn, I had to use a lot of coins to send the indirect messages.

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name doesn't know his heart.\]

"Dokja-ssi really..."

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is interested in the new
story.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' wonders about your choice.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is glancing this way.\]

\[Many constellations are choking on sweet potatoes are your frustrating
answer.\]

Even the constellations were listening to our conversation.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is telling you not to deceive
yourself on your heart.\]

\[Some constellations declare there is no one apart from the incarnation 'Yoo
Sangah'.\]

\[Some constellations support the incarnation 'Shin Yoosung'.\]

\[Some constellations who love true friends support the incarnation 'Lee
Hyunsung'.\]

...This was an utter mess.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' has a good idea.\]

The next moment, an item popped out of thin air.

\[Item Information\]

Name: Affection Reader

Rating: SS

Description: An item that lets you know what the other person thinks about
you. After pressing the button and thinking about the name and appearance of
the other person, the affection number will automatically appear in the air.

I became distracted the moment I saw this item. The Affection Reader was a
luxurious item that could only be purchased by platinum members of the
Dokkaebi Bag.

No, using 100,000 coins for this unhealthy entertainment? Was she crazy?

"As expected from an archangel\! This is big\!" Jung Heewon shouted.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says to try and use it.\]

"Then who will go first?"

"It is Heewon unni's sponsor so let her try first."

"Uh, um. Shall I?"

Jung Heewon became slightly nervous once it was time to use it. I was also
tense. Why was I so nervous when I was finally getting to know my heart?

...It felt like I was naked. I felt really strange as I saw everyone focus on
the Affection Reader. After a while...

There was a beeping sound and the message slowly appeared.

\[The affection score of the constellation 'Kim Dokja' towards the incarnation
'Jung Heewon' is 54 points.\]

The nervous Jung Heewon was disappointed when she saw the score. "54 points?
Is that high?"

"I want to try next\!" Lee Jihye took away the reader and cried out playfully
as she pressed the button. "Let me know Kim Dokja's heart\!"

\[The affection score of the constellation 'Kim Dokja' towards the incarnation
'Lee Jihye' is 6 points.\]

"..."

Lee Jihye was in a daze as the other members used the reader. Then it was Lee
Gilyoung, Lee Hyunsung and Shin Yoosung. Their scores were 49 points, 50 pints
and 56 points respectively. In the corner, Lee Jihye was muttering, "Kim Dokja
is trash." On the other hand, Shin Yoosung was excited.

Finally, only Yoo Sangah and Yoo Joonghyuk were left.

"J-Joonghyuk-ssi first..."

"I have no intention of joking around."

Yoo Joonghyuk went to search the monster corpses in the distance and all eyes
naturally turned to Yoo Sangah.

Yoo Sangah took the reader. Then just before she used it...

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' presents a special item to
incarnation 'Yoo Sangah'.\]

Clothes fell out of the air and the clothing of Yoo Sangah changed. It was
into a black Chinese dress with a black garter belt.

Yoo Sangah stuttered at the sudden change. "T-T-This is..."

I felt desperate at the sight of Yoo Sangah and inwardly cursed. That damn
granny of Olympus.

Jung Heewon, who didn't know anything, nodded. "Ah, it is a constellation
event?"

"Sangah noona, come forward."

Yoo Sangah pressed the button.

\[The affection score of the constellation 'Kim Dokja' towards the incarnation
'Yoo Sangah' is 481 points.\]

"4-481 points? Isn't that crazy? Doesn't this confirm it?"

"Dokja-ssi's favourite person is really..."

Yoo Sangah was stuttering with a red face when Lee Jihye felt something
strange and opened her mouth. "No wait... Sangah unni. Can you lend me those
clothes?"

"Uh, yes."

Lee Jihye entered a nearby building to change clothes before pressing the
button of the reader.

\[The affection score of the constellation 'Kim Dokja' towards the incarnation
'Lee Jihye' is 481 points.\]

Everyone was speechless.

I couldn't say anything through my shame. Lee Jihye shouted ridicule towards
the air, Jung Heewon grabbed her belly and shook as she laughed and Yoo Sangah
muttered with blank eyes,

"It isn't a person he loves most..."

Lee Gilyoung and Lee Hyunsung were shaking their heads. Shit, this was why I
didn't want to do this...

Shin Yoosung was shivering as she watched me. I wanted to apologize when I saw
my incarnation's reaction, but Shin Yoosung shouted first.

"A-ahjussi\!"

Yes, sorry Yoosung. I...

"Ahjussi\! What's wrong? Ahjussi\!"

The pale Shin Yoosung stretched out a hand towards the air. There was
something strange.

...Eh? Shin Yoosung's voice became distance and my vision swirled as I became
dizzy.

Wait. This was perhaps...

The next moment, my consciousness was cut off along with the message.

\[You have died.\]


