### Chapter 198: Ep. 37 - Landscape of the Demon Realm, V

I turned around and saw the owner of the pub staring at me with curious eyes.
I replied as naturally as possible. "I just entered yesterday."

"It is good to see you. Life in the industrial complex is hard but our hearts
are good. I don't know where you're from but this isn't a bad place to settle
down. Care for a drink?"

"No, I don't like to drink."

"Huhu, going to this place when you don't know how to drink. You are an
unfortunate friend."

I heard this and was reminded of when I first joined Mino Soft." Han Myungoh
said something similar when I first told him I couldn't drink alcohol at the
restaurant.

Come to think of it, where was Han Myungoh now? He received the curse of Demon
King Asmodeus and there was no way to confirm his life or death...

I somehow felt down as I remembered those tiring days.

"I don't like drinking but I like the appetizers served with alcohol. Do you
mind if I order side dishes?"

"Of course. We have deep fried demon's claws, fried demon tripe and..."

I smiled. "Stop making fun of me."

"Haha, busted."

"Give me the best you have. How much?"

"Five coins only."

It was an insanely low price. It was a price that the small constellation of
Peace Land could afford. I thought for a bit before asking, "If I pay double,
can you make it doubly delicious?"

"Hahah, I can make it triply delicious."

I handed over 50 coins without speaking and the owner's eyes widened.

"...10 times is a bit tough but I'll try."

Unlike what he said, the owner seemed to be a skillful chef because a pleasant
smell was coming from him. My expectations were slightly inflated as I
anticipated appeasing my hunger. I couldn't help it when thinking it was time
to eat real food.

I ignored my stomach for a moment and sighed. I had been working so hard that
it wouldn't be hard to have a rest.

"How great. Is that the place called Earth?"

A bunch of incarnations were looking at the screen hanging from the top of the
pub.

It was a video recording from a dokkaebi's channel. It was a familiar scene
and then a familiar voice started to flow out.

Ahjussi\!

It was a scene from the Seoul Dome scenario. It was a record of the tenth
scenario, the 73rd Demon King. I heard Shin Yoosung's voice coming from the
screen and a corner of my heart was pained.

I raised the collar of my coat so it half covered my face and watched the
video.

"The scenario impact is awesome. Isn't it as rumoured?"

"Don't you think it is the most popular scenario area lately?"

"The incarnations in that neighbourhood must be very prosperous\!"

Almost all the mass media in the Demon Realm were under the control of the
wenny people.

The wenny people couldn't open channels directly like the dokkaebi so they
couldn't earn income through donations. Instead, they stole the recording
material and distributed them all over the world.

"Shit, I don't think the degree of difficulty is that high. I can also do that
much\!"

"Stop speaking nonsense. If you were there, you couldn't even make it to the
fifth scenario."

"Uhuh, no?"

They watched the screen and the 73rd Demon King scenario started to gradually
change.

Uriel, you know. This is just a story.

It felt really strange to see my lines flowing from the screen.

You must've seen many people die in the meantime.

It was the moment when Uriel was very sad...

I looked around and saw that some incarnations were in tears.

Anger, despair or sighs.

"Shit, it's so sad..."

...It was a strange feeling. It wasn't their scenario but they sympathized with
the stories I had experienced. Their faces looked like they received comfort.

Maybe it wasn't just the constellations who needed stories. The stories were
necessary for everyone.

"...Will we be able to do that if we return to our home scenario?"

"Rampert, do you want to go back?"

"If I can go but I can't."

"Kulkul, just ask the wenny man. He will send you at any time."

"...Is that a joke? I don't want to become a disaster for my home."

Disaster. At this point, the air inside the pub became tense. However, it was
only for a moment. Everyone was reluctant to talk about this topic and quickly
changed it.

"Here it is. Side dishes that are 10 times more delicious."

I smiled slightly and accepted the side dishes. It was simple fried chips and
noodles. I could tell they were tasty dishes without tasting them due to the
savoury smell.

I grabbed the plates and looked around. I could see a small head focused on
the screen, just like everyone else. He didn't know I was near and was close
to tears.

I clicked my tongue and sat down beside him. "Why, do you miss it?"

"Hiik\!" His surprised appearance was very cute. He was exactly as I imagined.
I pressed on Jang Hayoung's shoulder as he tried to slip away.

"Don't be so wary. I just want to eat together."

Jang Hayoung stared at me doubtfully and obediently sat back down. He judged
that I couldn't hurt him because there were many incarnations around. Jang
Hayoung hesitated before opening his mouth first.

"Is your talk with Aileen over?"

"Yes."

"What did you talk about?"

"You don't need to know."

"...By the way, is that special cuisine?"

"Eat if you want."

Jang Hayoung moved his fork like he had been waiting. The noddles disappeared
into Jang Hayoung's mouth. Come to think of it, this guy had the Shameless
skill.

"Well, it is worth eating."

Jang Hayoung ate more than half my head in a flash.

"...By the way, are you from Earth?"

"Yes."

My face never appeared properly on the screen. It was as if someone
deliberately touched the screen. My face distorted like it was hit.

That jerk Bihyung, why did he edit my face like that? In any case, it seemed
that Jang Hayoung didn't recognize me.

"...How was it?"

"It was awful."

Jang Hayoung nodded, understanding everything with these words alone. A tragic
investigation wasn't necessary for those who had experienced the scenario.

"Are you on the screen right now?"

"I will come out."

"Where?"

"I'm coming now."

The screen zoomed in on the handsome face of Yoo Joonghyuk. Fortunately, my
coat was dirty enough to look similar to his black coat. He might really
believe it if I insisted moderately...

However, Jang Hayoung's expression wasn't very good.

"There is no resemblance..."

"That is me."

"No. You are like dough made by anyone while a god was carving him for a
thousand days..."

"I am an exile. The stories on my face have crumbled."

"No matter how many stories you lose... your lie should make sense."

...Damn. I felt bad but I still needed to achieve my purpose. Yes, I'm not him.
Still, doesn't he look cool?"

"Yes."

"He also fights unbelievably well."

"Really?"

"I'll let you meet him when we go to Earth. I'm very familiar with him."

My words caused Jang Hayoung's eyes to shake. Perhaps Jang Hayoung would have
no choice but to cross over. In Ways of Survival, Jang Hayoung was a person
who admired Yoo Joonghyuk. If I persuaded this guy in advance and encouraged
his will to return...

"Why would I want to meet him?"

"Eh? No, just..."

"Rather, I'm more interested in that."

"Who?"

"Over there."

On the screen, I saw a figure surrounded by dark demonic energy. A man was
staring at his companions with sad eyes. His face wasn't completely visible
but I was well aware of who it was. It was me.

I stared at Jang Hayoung's sparkling eyes and wondered what this was all
about.

"You can't even see his face?"

"Why does that matter?"

I was feeling confused when shouts suddenly came from various parts of the
pub.

"Waaahhhh\!"

"No\! Open your eyes, Demon King of Salvation\!"

"Damn\! My tears won't stop\!"

\[Your reputation is strengthened in the 73rd Demon Realm.\]

\[1,500 coins have been acquired.\]

No, I was this popular? I suddenly regretted doing the Yoo Joonghyuk cosplay.
Now I couldn't say that person was actually me.

Let's meet again, Yoo Joonghyuk.

Finally, the scenario reached the end and people started to cry. Some people
were so moved that they couldn't get out of these feelings.

Jang Hayoung muttered with an ecstatic expression, "Ah, too bad he already has
a girlfriend."

My heart sank. "What? Who?"

"The Demon King of Salvation. Do you happen to know him?"

"I know him but..." I frowned as I looked into Jang Hayoung's beautiful eyes.
Clear eyes and white cheeks. A beautiful cream-coloured face. However...

"Aren't you a man?"

If I remembered correctly, Jang Hayoung was a man. The damn writer of Ways of
Survival accepted all my comments and changed just one thing. It was this
guy's gender.

Jang Hayoung raised his eyebrows and frowned. "Earth is the only place that
judges by the cover."

I was about to respond when the pub owner suddenly turned off the lights. Then
he declared to the whole pub in a very low voice, "Night is coming."

At these words, a deep silence spread through the pub. It was a silent that
was much more sensitive and sharper than when the word 'disaster' emerged.
Jang Hayoung faced me and brought a finger to his lips.

"Shhh."

Looking closer, it wasn't only this pub. Other pubs and stores on the street
had closed their doors and turned off the lights. Suddenly, all sounds
disappeared.

It was as if all of the industrial complex was submerged deep in the ocean. In
the streets where every person had disappeared, the dreary sound of flutes was
heard. Some citizens blocked their ears in order to avoid hearing it.

At this moment, I was reminded of something.

 There is a special 'Night' in the Demon Realm. 

I listened to the Fourth Wall and recalled the setting of Ways of Survival.

 All citizens of the industrial complex are afraid of the nobles. It isn't
simply because the nobles are strong. It is due to this 'Night' that comes one
every three days. 

"Please just pass by. Please..."

Someone muttered. How long had it been? I could hear the window freezing as
something passed through the street.

Every citizen held their breaths and pretended they were invisible. There were
those who lowered themselves and stared down at the table. The shadow of a
giant scythe passed over the frozen window.

 At Night, the executioner appears in the industrial complex. 

 If the citizens have the revolutionary, the nobles have the executioner. 

They were the source of the citizens' fear and the inability to resist the
nobles, as well as the reason why the dukes could maintain their position in
the industrial complex.

It was due to the existence of the Executioner. The moment the door of the pub
opened, people tightly closed their eyes. A scratchy voice came from the deep
darkness.

\[Who is the revo lu tion ary?\]

The appearance reminded me of a reaper and it was twice the size of an adult
male. I couldn't see his face because of the black cape but I could sense his
power from the eerier aura that flowed from him.

\[The target is under the protection of the current scenario.\]

\[The target is currently invincible.\]

No existence could resist the Execution during the Night of the industrial
complex.

The owner who gave me food and who those who watched the scenario were looking
down at the floor with tired expressions.

Today the Executioner chose this pub as his place of execution. In this place,
someone would surely die.

\[Who is the revo lu tion ary?\]

Every time the executioner's scythe slammed into the ground, people curled up.
It was like a play. I stared carefully and the surprised Jang Hayoung pulled
at my collar.

"Don't make eye contact."

At the small sound, the Executioner looked this way.

"Shit..."

To be exact, it was at the cursing Jang Hayoung. Jang Hayoung started to shake
as he stared at the approaching Executioner. His intuition told him that he
was facing his death.

I touched the completely frightened Jang Hayoung's head and stood up slowly.
Jang Hayoung's mouth dropped open with surprise and the Executioner stared at
me with ominous eyes.

 Kim Dokja thought: What would Yoo Joonghyuk do? 

If he was here, he would've never exposed himself. Yoo Joonghyuk would've hid
himself until he found a situation where he could benefit the most.

He would've completed all types of investigations in order to participate in
the industrial complex's scenario and figured out who the revolutionary was.

 Kim Dokja thought: That's why he regressed hundreds of times. 

The Executioner aimed his scythe at me and spoke in a creepy voice.

\[Who are you?\]

The moment that everyone in the pub focused on me, I opened my mouth and spoke
in a voice they could all hear.

"I am a revolutionary."


