### Chapter 460: Ep. 87 - The Heart of Steel, II

\[The ship's hull will now enter the stabilisation process.\]

\[Please be on standby.\]

While listening to the system messages, my companions dazedly looked out of
the windows.

The house that got swept away by a tornado, and entering a brand-new world...
Surely, some of them should've realized what exactly was going on here.

"...Ahjussi, this, this is 'that', right? That 'Wizard of Oz'?"

Rather unexpectedly, the one to ask me first was Lee Jihye.

"You heard about it?"

"Huh. An old friend of mine used to love a musical related to it."

Lee Jihye was bragging a bit, but then her expression suddenly became gloomy.

Jung Heewon noticed that and quickly took over from there. "By the way, isn't
the 'Wizard of Oz' a relatively modern literary work?"

"If I remember correctly, it was created in the year 1900, I believe," said
Yoo Sangah.

"As expected of Sangah eonni. You really do know everything."

Lee Jihye raised her thumb up.

Jung Heewon carried on. "But, that doesn't make sense, does it? This world is
only around one hundred years old, but... I heard from Hyunsung-ssi that the
'Master of Steel' is a far older Constellation than that."

"You're correct, Heewon-ssi."

She was asking a valid question. All Stories would go on to construct
'existences' sooner or later. Yet the age of the Story in question that
could've constructed an existence was too short, so it was only natural that
questions would be raised.

"What do you think about the 'Journey to the West'?"

"Pardon?"

"Do you believe that the 'Journey' came about first, or the Great Sage was
around way before that?"

That brought about the moment of realization to my companions.

"Does that mean the 'Master of Steel' existed before that story?"

"It might, or might not."

"What the heck?"

It was as I said.

The ages of those beings that became Stories would gradually get harder to
distinguish as time went on. A Constellation would start from a source Story,
but even such a Story would minutely change as time elapsed.

\[The ship stabilisation process has concluded.\]

\[Exit will now open.\]

"Well, we'll find out once we get there," said Han Sooyoung, as she lightly
leaped out first. Lee Jihye and the two kids, looking clearly excited, quickly
followed after her.

"Let's get going, as well," said I.

The remaining companions nodded their heads and exited from this 'ship'.

If my memory was correct, the scenario of <Oz> mirrored the original novel's
adventure. The house flown away by the tornado would arrive in another world
called <Oz>, and the unfortunate one that gets squashed flat would be the
wicked witch...

"What the hell is this?\!"

And that's when I heard Lee Jihye's yell. Yup, she must've discovered the
witch below the house, then. However...

"...Hey, it's a fake?"

Something was indeed crushed under the house. However, it wasn't an actual
witch, but a doll mocked up to look like one. Its state was so filthy and
neglected that it would be hard to argue this thing was once a witch.

Han Sooyoung picked up the broken leg of the mannequin and asked me. "What is
this?"

I quietly studied the leg.

The progression has changed from the original.

The planet <Oz> from the 'Ways of Survival' was a type of theme park.

The visitors would follow the route of the original 'Wizard of Oz' which went
along the lines of  encounter the Munchkins first, then after receiving
different roles to play, travel towards the Emerald Castle.

However, something was wrong here.

The dwarves, 'Munchkins', are nowhere to be found.

Yoo Joonghyuk muttered quietly. "It's somewhat different from what my Master
told me."

I agreed with him. What was up with this view? The silver city with bleak
winds blowing through it, was showing almost no sign of life.

"Something feels really dreary. Isn't this world supposed to be a fairy
tale...?"

Even I, a man who read the 'Ways of Survival' inside out, didn't possess a
whole lot of info related to <Oz>.

It was introduced properly only once during the original novel  during Yoo
Joonghyuk's 999th regression turn. \(In the latter half of the 'Ways of
Survival', the scene skips happened far more frequently, and stuff related to
Oz got relegated to simple lines such as: "They went to Oz to get Story metal
that could strengthen their weapons."\)

It's a sad place, isn't it? It'd have been nicer for a happier story to
permeate in this place.

Lee Hyunsung from the 999th turn said that. It still remained vividly in my
head even now. This was where he awakened his powers and ended up inheriting
the Status and the will of the 'Master of Steel'.

But no matter how hard I looked, our current view was completely different
from the original novel. Why? Was it because we changed a lot of the
original's storyline?

This was none other than <Oz>. It was not one of the planets strongly
influenced by the changes <Kim Dokja's Company> caused.

"Shouldn't those fairy-like creatures gather around us to sing and dance while
taking us somewhere? Forget about fairies, I can't even see a single fly,"
said Han Sooyoung.

The theme park's broken notice board was found discarded on the ground. It was
as if we were looking at a closed-down amusement park.

Still, the kids seemed to be really excited regardless. They stuck close to my
sides and began muttering away. "It's almost like a haunted house."

We decided to follow the yellow road marked on the ground for the time being.
According to the original, the Emerald Castle should be waiting for us at the
end of this road.

And sure enough, we did spot a tall green tower after walking for a bit. And a
small city was built around that tower.

An aged castle has been constructed at the place where all journeys come to
an end, so

We wish for you to willingly pay us a visit and remember our story.

Somewhat poignant words were written on the entrance to the city.

It was around then that Yoo Joonghyuk suddenly spoke up. "I shall act on my
own from here."

"What? Why?"

"There is an excellent blacksmith living among the dwarves in this place."

I recalled a certain sentence after hearing him.

The Oz's metal is permeated with the most ancient type of magic, so...

Indeed, <Oz> was the place of origin for the metal permeated with the oldest
Story in the <Star Stream>. Even Yoo Joonghyuk's weapon from the original was
reinforced with the steel from this place.

The greatest supreme sword reborn as the Star Relic after the <Oz>'s metal and
Yoo Joonghyuk's Story were intertwined  that was the Star Relic he used in
the latter half of the novel, \[Splitting the Sky Sword\].

Of course, that was the story from the original, and the one to get reinforced
this time around would be the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], but still...

"Oz's steel is the strongest in the <Star Stream>. Securing suitable weapons
is an utmost priority."

After declaring such, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't even wait for our permission and
simply went on his way. Companions looked at me, silently asking if this was
okay, and I replied with a simple shrug of my shoulders.

Since I had multiple reasons for coming to <Oz> anyway, there was a need to
split the group here. Also, the whole group wasn't really necessary to save
Lee Hyunsung.

I spoke to Lee Jihye and her brilliantly-sparkling eyes. "You should go after
him, too. Don't you want to upgrade your battleship?"

"Hell yes\!"

The clearly-happy Lee Jihye quickly trotted away.

Next up, I looked at Yoo Sangah. "Yoo Sangah-ssi, can you tail them for the
time being? I'm kind of worried about sending those two alone. And also, the
kids... I'm sure there are lots of things to sightsee around here."

"Let's go\! Please hurry\!"

The children held onto both hands of Yoo Sangah and they soon disappeared
towards the high street. Now that the noisy group had been split up like this,
I felt a bit hollow for some reason.

The remaining people were Jung Heewon, Han Sooyoung and me.

Han Sooyoung muttered out. "So, only Dorothy, the smart Scarecrow, and the
Cowardly Lion remain."

There were four members in the Wizard of Oz's main group. They were the
protagonists Dorothy, Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and the Cowardly Lion.

I spoke up. "Since you went ahead and said the 'smart' Scarecrow, I'm guessing
that's you."

"Bingo."

"I won't ask you about the other two."

"You're the Cowardly Lion, obviously."

"Thanks."

While chatting and giggling away, we entered the center of the city. If this
place remained as a theme park, such a composition could've been rather fun.
Jung Heewon shook her head while looking at us and strode forward without
hesitation.

A handful of monkeys hidden in the nooks and crannies of the city were
glancing at us.

It certainly didn't feel like a welcoming atmosphere. This world didn't
welcome us or even bother to greet us. Forget about a fairy tale, the overall
vibe suited a horror novel far better.

Not too long afterwards, we arrived before the Emerald Tower.

Han Sooyoung was the first to speak up. "It looks like a magic tower."

"Well, an actual wizard is living here, so..."

Although, I couldn't be sure if he was still alive even now.

We approached the entrance and knocked on the door, only to be greeted by a
stiff, curt voice of a man.

 State your business.

"We seek an audience with the 'Master of Steel'."

No reply came back. The door remained resolutely shut.

It seemed that I made a slip of tongue somewhere. I quickly recalled the 'Ways
of Survival'. What did they say in the 999th turn again?

While I remained engrossed in my thoughts, Jung Heewon suddenly unsheathed her
sword and spoke up. "Return Hyunsung-ssi's soul before I split this damn tower
in half."

The Status of an Archangel exploded out from her entire figure. And just as
the intense flames of \[Hellfire\] started burning on the Steelsword's blade,
the door hesitantly opened up.

\[The Emerald Castle is welcoming all of you.\]

I wondered if this was fine, but since we didn't have a lot of time, I figured
might as well.

Han Sooyoung had found an ideal opportunity here so she muttered in an
impressed voice. "As expected of our Dorothy."

"Shut up. I didn't come here to fool around."

Han Sooyoung sneaked closer to my side and whispered through the \[Midday
Tryst\].

 Super scary. Is that the power of love?

Jung Heewon was marching forward while her Steelsword drew arcs in the air.
She was originally a spirited person, to begin with, but seeing her like this,
I couldn't help but admit that her current aura was indeed astonishing.

 I guess so.

The interior of the tower was rather plain and boring. There weren't any eye-
catching decorations to speak of, and only the most necessary items were
placed here and there. It was like the inside of Lee Hyunsung's military
backpack.

We walked for another five minutes or so before a room resembling an audience
chamber made its appearance. We opened its doors and entered immediately.
Colourful spotlights came to life and a giant, silver-coloured mask floated up
in the middle of the chamber. A pair of hollow eyes were now looking at us.

\[The <Kim Dokja's Company>, is it.\]

The Steel's true voice reverberated within the audience chamber.

I immediately realized that this guy was the 'Master of Steel', the Narrative-
grade Constellation and Lee Hyunsung's backer. This mask was probably a
symbolic item.

"That's correct. Pleasure to make your acquaintance."

\[I'm guessing that you're the 'Demon King of Salvation'.\]

I nodded my head. The silver mask looked at me as if this whole thing was
rather annoying. \[What is the purpose of your visit here?\]

Going straight to the topic, is it? I thought that this was for the better.

"Please return Lee Hyunsung's soul to us. We know that you have the ownership
over it."

\[That's impossible.\]

"Why not?"

\[His soul is required to maintain this planet.\]

That was completely unexpected. I glanced to my side, only to discover Jung
Heewon glaring daggers in my direction.

I quickly followed up. "I'm well aware that sponsorship contracts are usually
like this, but regardless of what, Hyunsung-ssi is our companion. I was under
the impression that you liked our story so far?"

\[...\]

"Besides, doesn't <Oz> possess more than enough Giant Stories? Surely, there
isn't a reason to use Hyunsung-ssi's soul as the power source?"

The Story of Wizard of Oz was famous enough to be well-known back on Earth,
too. Sure, the fame had cooled down a little in recent times, but this story
managed to generate a shocking level of popularity throughout the planet once
upon a time.

It was that famous on Earth, so how popular would it have been in the <Star
Stream>? So, the lack of a power source simply didn't make any sense at all.

Even then, the 'Master of Steel' remained resolutely stubborn.

\[Go back. I can't return his soul.\]


