### Chapter 305: Ep. 58 - Context of the Constellations, I

During the past three years, Jung Heewon had changed a lot.

Leader of the Chungcheong Alliance, Jung Heewon\!

The age of the Supreme King has passed\! The strongest incarnation is
Destroyer of Evil\!

She had fan clubs and people in various media wanted to turn her story into a
product. Any incarnation who used a sword would admire her. There were
constellations who tried to get her to join their nebula.

Of course, it was a futile effort. Jung Heewon was the incarnation of a famous
constellation in the Star Stream. The problem was that the famous
constellation didn't appear in front of Jung Heewon for three years.

"I thought my sponsor was dead."

Her sponsor suddenly disappeared after the incident three years ago. Thus,
Jung Heewon was forced to try harder than other incarnations. She had been
trained by transcendents such as Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios
every day. It was in order to not lag behind the party members or sacrifice
anyone else.

"It would've been a lot less unfair if you were there."

Jung Heewon was really strong. Then in front of her strong self, the vanished
sponsor once again appeared.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is silent.\]

Jung Heewon sighed. "That... what are you saying to me just now?"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is smiling.\]

Jung Heewon didn't smile She quietly raised her hand to grip her sword.

\[The incarnation 'Jung Heewon' is prepared to invoke Hour of Judgement on her
sponsor\!\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is surprised\!\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says that Hour of Judgement can
only be used against the wicked.\]

Jung Heewon replied, "I know."

Indirect messages poured out.

\[Some constellations of the absolute good system have agreed with Jung
Heewon's request.\]

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' has agreed to the
request.\]

\[The constellation 'Friend of Justice and Harmony' has agreed to the
request.\]

\[The constellation 'Master of the Ark' has agreed to the request.\]

\[Some constellations of the absolute good system have opposed the request.\]

\[The activation of the skill is cancelled\!\]

Jung Heewon stared at the air with wide eyes.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is avoiding the eyes of her
incarnation.\]

Jung Heewon released her sword and sighed once again. In her head, the
feelings of her sponsor were conveyed.

Sorrow and joy. Regret and guilt.

In fact, Jung Heewon knew why Uriel was detained for the past three years. It
was miraculous that she was just confined in Eden after the events of the
Demon King Selection.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says she is sorry.\]

However, she was still disappointed. Furthermore, her sponsor appeared for the
first time in three years...

"If you want to see Dokja-ssi, why don't you go and see him yourself? You know
he is at the top of the fortress."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says that it isn't possible to
summon a symbolic body because the probation period isn't over yet.\]

The worried Jung Heewon hesitated for a long time before opening her mouth.
"...I understand. Instead, don't do anything weird."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is greatly pleased\!\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking if Kim Dokja is
really imprisoned.\]

"...Why do you like it?"

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking if Kim Dokja really
became a squid.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'...\]

"I'll go now and look directly."

Not long after, Jung Heewon arrived at the top of the fortress where Kim Dokja
was trapped.

\[This is a space where the Celestial Emperor's Sturdy Ward is enforced.\]

\[The incarnation 'Jung Heewon' is permitted to enter.\]

The door opened and the interior of a lavish room appeared. It was a prison
but it was a room worthy of being a suite in a five star hotel. There was a
sumptuous feast on the dining table that could be eaten whenever a person was
hungry and a king-size bed to help with sleep. On the side were a few fantasy
novels published before the fall of the world. Come to think of it, Kim Dokja
liked fantasy novels.

Jung Heewon tried one of them as a test. Title: The World After the Fall.
Author: Sing Shangshong...

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is screaming\!\]

She turned her head and saw Kim Dokja sitting on a soft rocking chair. A
catheter was plugged into his arm to feed him story packs.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at the Demon King of
Salvation.\]

The pack also contained sleeping pills made by Lee Seolhwa. She came closer
and could see Kim Dokja's face. At the gaze, Kim Dokja opened his eyes.
"...Heewon-ssi?"

Jung Heewon didn't know that she was biting her lips. Kim Dokja's defenseless
face that was weary from the hard times. A corner of her heart ached at the
sight.

"This place..."

There were many things she wanted to say when she met Kim Dokja again. She
wanted to be angry, she wanted to puke, she wanted to ask why the hell he did
those things. Even so, all her emotions melted away after seeing Kim Dokja's
face. These were her feelings or perhaps they were the feelings of her
sponsor. Jung Heewon didn't know.

Jung Heewon controlled the amount of sleeping pills flowing through the
catheter.

"The person who wants to see Dokja-ssi... no, it is an angel."

A white light shone around Jung Heewon's hand. It was a warm light reminiscent
of an archangel. Jung Heewon raised Kim Dokja's body and laid him down on the
bed. Not long after, Kim Dokja fell asleep with a light breathing sound. Jung
Heewon's hand surrounded by the white light passed over Kim Dokja's head
several times.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at the Demon King of
Salvation.\]

It was a valuable emotion that couldn't be conveyed in words. In the meantime,
Jung Heewon hadn't understood Uriel's companionship but somehow, she felt like
she knew it a bit.

  

* * *

  

I had a long dream. The dream was a bit strange.

The vitals check is good.

There is a stable dose of the story pack.

Lee Seolhwa and Aileen's voices came and went like a hallucination.

Hyung... um...

Sometimes I saw the faces of Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung as they clung to my
waist.

Uwahhhh\! Dokja-ssiiiii\!

I heard Lee Hyunsung howling like a monster. Then...

At first glance, it seemed like my mother's face. I thought about it. If this
was a dream, I would rather not wake up.

Hey, he's going to wake up\! Quickly get another dose of sleeping pills\!

I listened to Han Sooyoung's loud voice and smiled. In other words, this dream
was a play for only one person. Just like Ways of Survival was to me.

 In fact, he couldn't wake up anytime he wanted but Kim Dokja didn't do this.


Thus, I decided to be the audience of the play.

 For the first time since the fall began, Kim Dokja slept comfortably. 

It was the first time I felt this way. My heart was always impatient. Now I
could be protected by someone. There were people I could trust.

Take a break, Dokja-ssi.

...Yes, there was still some time until the 46th scenario. The moment I made up
my mind, a full sleep came over me.

  

* * *

  

Lee Gilyoung, who was caught by the collar, screamed. "Ah, noona\! Do I have
to go? I want to stay with Dokja hyung\!"

"You have been with him long enough."

"Shin Yoosung was together with him for eight hours\! I was only there for six
hours\!"

Lee Jihye gave some sweet honey to the complaining Lee Gilyoung. "These guys
are offensive. You and Yoosung are the only ones who can deal with them. In
addition, Dokja ahjussi is sleeping and you can meet him anytime."

"But..."

"Unni, we've almost arrived."

The chimera dragon started a sharp descent along with Shin Yoosung's words.
The buildings of the Gyeonggi Alliance could be seen below. The reason the
Busan Alliance came here was simple.

"...You really made a kingdom." The people treated as slaves were crying out
with pain. Lee Jihye bit her lips and declared, "Kill them."

Lee Jihye pulled out her sword while Lee Gilyoung stepped forward. "Hey, Shin
Yoosung. I'll handle it so you're out."

"Shut up, you didn't even recognize Dokja ahjussi."

"...Go, Titano-MKII\!"

The moment Lee Gilyoung gave the command, the insect king unit wearing hard
armour flew into the air. They were at least fourth grade insect kings.

"The enemy\!"

Lee Jihye asked as she saw the scythe of a giant praying mantis cut the
buildings.

"Didn't Titano die?"

"That was just Titano. This is Titano-MKII."

"What's the difference?"

An explosion occurred in the middle of the enemy's camp. It wasn't caused by
Titano. The high-rise buildings that formed the main pillars of the Gyeonggi
Alliance collapsed and there was a huge storm. The airships floating in the
sky could be seen crashing down after being hit by something that was like
black lightning.

Lee Jihye was dumbfounded. "We said we would take care of it..."

There was only a ruin in the place where the storm passed. A man was
slaughtering the fleeing alliance members. It was Yoo Joonghyuk.

"W-Wait a minute\! Wait\! Stop Supreme King\!" A man who appeared to be one of
the leaders of the Gyeonggi Alliance hurriedly shouted, "You will be in
trouble if you kill me now\! We have a hostage on our side\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's sword stopped for the first time at the word 'hostage'. The
man thought it worked and kept shouting, "Phew... the reason why the Moonlight
Empress doesn't emerge from the top floor if the fortress is because her
disease is worsening."

The confused Lee Jihye and Shin Yoosung glanced at each other.

"What is this brat talking about?"

"...The Moonlight Empress, Sangah unni?"

The man's words continued. "Haha, it took a long time to pierce the barrier of
the Demon Realm but we did it\!"

"What are you saying?"

"The elite forces of our alliance have penetrated the fortress while you were
absent. In other words, the life of the Moonlight Empress is now in our hands.
It was hard to break through but your colleague's life is now in our hands"

"You pierced the wards?"

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression cracked for the first time. The facial expressions
of the other party members shifted. Shin Yoosung asked,

"There isn't anything around Sangah unni's room?"

"Then that crazy guy is saying..."

At the same time, the group looked at Seoul.

  

* * *

  

At the same time, ten men penetrated the fortress of the industrial complex.
They were all elite fighters of the Gyeonggi Alliance.

It's here.

Yes, that's correct.

The Snacks Team, get started.

The members in charge of releasing the ward rushed at the order of the leader.
One of the group members asked.

What if the Black Flames Empress is present? Won't all of us be cut down?

It was only recently that the Black Flames Empress was renamed Black Flames
Demon Ruler and the Moonlight Girl was renamed Moonlight Empress. It was due
to the Seongnam Disaster that took place a year ago.

The Black Flames Demon Ruler is away. The only one inside the room is the
Moonlight Empress.

Is it really okay for us to do this alone?

There is a rumour that her illness is deep. It's no problem if she's alone.

A while later, the ward blocking the door was released.

The ward has been lifted\!

Already? It was faster than I expected.

Well, it is hard to penetrate from the inside but it is easy from outside.

How funny. There was something like this?

That's right. Really stupid...

They laughed as the ward was broken and the door opened.

Shall we see the workmanship of the Moonlight Empress? Everybody, get ready
to infiltrate\!

The moment they touched the door handle, an unexpected message entered their
ears.

\[The constellation 'Black Sword Assassin' is giving a warning\!\]

\[The constellation 'Hunter of the Dark Moon' is astounded\!\]

\[The constellation 'Knight of the Frozen Heart' is convulsing.\]

They were all the sponsors of the incarnations.

What is this? My sponsor...

D-Did you hear it as well?

Their curiosity didn't last for long. A formidable aura was felt from beyond
the door. A huge aura they never encountered before was covering their body.

Body...?

The elite members stiffened at the power that was on a different dimension. It
was impossible.

"I was enjoying my rest but that isn't my fate."

A man in a white coat walked through the open door. The smiling man placed a
hand on the shoulder of the leader.

"Everyone, thank you for bringing me out."


