### Chapter 286: Ep. 54 - Demon King Slayer, II

Finally, the message I had been waiting for had arrived. Secretive Plotter's
personal scenario.

\[Sub Scenario \(Secretive Plotter\) - ???\]

Category: Sub \(Personal\)

Difficulty: ???

Clear Conditions: ???

Time Limit: 

Compensation: Can return to the original round with a legendary story \(1\), a
skill \(1\) and an item \(1\) \(The probability required will be born by the
scenario proponent\).

Failure: Unable to return to the original turn, your incarnation body will be
destroyed.

The moment I opened the scenario window, the thing that caught my eyes was the
'compensation'.

\[The bureau is currently suspicious of your probability.\]

I wasn't a member of this 'regression'. Therefore, even if I got an item,
skill or story in this turn, I wouldn't be able to preserve it after returning
to my original world. It was just like how the 41st regression Shin Yoosung
was weakened so badly that she could be hit.

However, if the reward was true... I could take the things obtained in this
round because to my original world.

It was a tremendous reward. No matter how much the probability was
constrained, the spoils of the 95th scenario would match the 95th scenario.
The skills and stories available here had the power to transform the world in
the 20th scenario.

 Don't be too ex hi la rated Kim Dok ja. 

I barely calmed down at the Fourth Wall's words. In fact, it wasn't a
situation where I could rejoice. The rewards for the scenario was high but the
cost of failure was just as huge. If I failed, I couldn't go back to my
original round and would lose my incarnation body.

This wasn't the turn I belonged to so the influence of my 'stories' weren't
big. In such a situation, I could end up killed by a probability storm if I
lost my incarnation body. Moreover, this wasn't the biggest problem.

\[The clearance conditions for this scenario are being updated.\]

The most importance clearance condition hadn't been updated. I didn't know if
it was an error from crossing dimensions or if Secretive Plotter was
deliberately dragging out the time.

Frankly, it was possible either way. I thought as I watched Yoo Joonghyuk
fighting in the distance. If I was Secretive Plotter, what clear conditions
would I place on this scenario? Based on the movements of Secretive Plotter so
far...

It was an ominous thought.

\[The exclusive skill 'Reading Comprehension' is activated.\]

Secretive Plotter. I was expecting him to be Crawling Chaos but the true
identity of the outer god was unknown.

He had been with me since my first channel opened but I had very little
information about him. He wasn't arrogant like the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal,
full of justice like Uriel, wicked like the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon... he
wasn't even present in the original Ways of Survival. He was merely Secretive
Plotter.

\[You can't read the target with the information you have.\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Reading Comprehension' is cancelled.\]

\[Curiosity about the unknown is leading to a new ability.\]

...I didn't know. What was he trying to show me through this scenario? In
addition, what did he want to gain?

There was never a case where the outer god had done this so I couldn't easily
guess. Only one thing was certain.

\[Kuaaaack\!\]

This scenario was likely to be connected to the monster slaughtering the
constellations over there.

\[That's it\! Now\! Everybody pincer attack him\!\]

\[Die Yoo Joonghyuk\!\]

As I was briefly distracted by the scenario window, the battlefield was
flowing in an unexpected form. Yoo Joonghyuk's condition was strange. A little
while ago, he had been killing the constellations and overwhelming the
battlefield...

Now his movements were dulled. Yoo Joonghyuk's body was stiffening under the
pouring bombardment.

...What was this bastard? What happened?

I adjusted the setting of Character List to check his condition.

\* Currently in an abnormal condition.

Abnormal condition? There was no way. Who was the 1863rd regression Yoo
Joonghyuk? This was Yoo Joonghyuk who was the Ruler of the East Hell and
killed the Devil of Principles. There was no one among the constellations who
could place an abnormal condition on the present Yoo Joonghyuk.

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were blank.

I felt uncomfortable like something was stuck in my throat. No, there was.
There was only one person who could cause an abnormal status in Yoo Joonghyuk.

\* The target is suffering from 'regression depression' due to an unknown
cause.

It was Yoo Joonghyuk himself.

Regression depression. The spirit of the man who had been broken over 1863
lives made the regression depression almost a passive, low level skill. Once
he fell into the depression, his consciousness was caught in the weight of his
memories and he couldn't wake up.

\[Kill him\! He isn't invincible\!\]

The ruthless strikes caused Yoo Joonghyuk's body to bleed little by little. It
was strange. Originally, the regression depression shouldn't occur in this
situation. In the 1863rd round, Yoo Joonghyuk had learnt how to manage this
disease.

Why was he in this current state...

 The Fourth Wall is saying, "Ha ha ha." 

"...Was it your doing?"

The Fourth Wall didn't answer but it was the only guess I had. The previous
collision with the Fourth Wall must've caused some disruption in Yoo
Joonghyuk's inner surface.

Damn, what should I do?

Blood flowed from Yoo Joonghyuk's skin as he protected his face. The power of
Impenetrable Skin was still applied but it was only a matter of time before
Yoo Joonghyuk died.

 I have to help. 

 Why should I help him? 

The choices were fighting in my mind.

 Yoo Joonghyuk is a monster now. If I help, he will surely kill me when he
wakes up. 

 Think carefully. You don't know the clear conditions of this scenario. 

The clear conditions were still question marks.

 If the condition to clear the scenario is Yoo Joonghyuk's death, this is a
golden opportunity. 

However

 What if the clear condition is Yoo Joonghyuk's survival... 

If Yoo Joonghyuk died, I would lose everything.

"Damn..."

Should I help or not?

Yoo Joonghyuk's knees were slowly sinking to the ground. The normally weak
guys were excitedly tearing at Yoo Joonghyuk's body.

\[Hahaha\! I will have the story of the Iron Blood Supreme King\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk would regress even if he died here. Then he would start a new
round.

Regression...

\[ Then what about the other worlds? \]

...Fucking plotter.

\[ What about all the worlds you didn't save? \]

Once Yoo Joonghyuk died here, a world that wasn't in the original novel would
be born. Yoo Joonghyuk would repeat the hell yet again. An abandoned world
that Secretive Plotter showed me would be created and Yoo Joonghyuk would once
again crawl in the infinite despair.

...Shit, I didn't know.

I activated Electrification and flew towards Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Hey\! Leave me a share too\!\]

At my rough true voice, the demon kings and constellations attacking Yoo
Joonghyuk looked up.

\[Who are you?\]

\[...Demonic energy? I've never seen you before.\]

\[Do you come here to kill the Demon King Slayer?\]

Demonic energy flowed from my body and I could see the enemy's tenseness being
released. It was as expected. I spoke as I pulled out my status. \[That's
right. We will share the good things together. It isn't possible?\]

\[You came late so you can't have the good stories.\]

\[Don't worry. I'll only help from the back.\]

\[A good attitude. Now, everybody continue...\!\]

I turned and struck the constellation with all my strength. The constellation
let out a scream as he flew in a straight line and hit a ruined building.

\[K-Kuooh... what are you doing?\]

I wanted to hit him to death but was lacking. The constellations were angry by
my abrupt actions and stared at me.

\[Are you siding with the Demon King Slayer?\]

I didn't reply and opened up the power of the giant story.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has begun\!\]

The pulse of the story stirred deep in my heart. Sparks surrounded my body as
the story energy flooded through my blood. Some of the constellations saw my
'giant story' and screamed with shock.

\[The status of a demon king? From a guy I've never heard of?\]

Of course, I wasn't a demon king of this world. I once again concentrated the
power of Electrification and blew away a constellation. The constellation was
hit in the belly and took a few steps back. It wasn't comparable to Yoo
Joonghyuk but the effect wasn't bad. I might be able to fight if it continued
like this.

\[An error has occurred in the operation of the story.\]

\[The Star Stream can't find the origin of the giant story owned by you.\]

\[The power of the 'giant story' is sharply reduced.\]

...Shit. It was like this. The basis of my giant story, the 73rd Demon Realm
wasn't here. We made up the giant story together. Thus, it was natural that my
story didn't work properly.

I swung my sword at the approaching constellations and shouted at Yoo
Joonghyuk. "Hey\! Wake up you jerk\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. I tried to think of lines to wake up him but I
couldn't come up with anything. My status started to decline and Demon King
Ose, who rose again on the battlefield, shouted.

\[He is with the Demon King Slayer\! Kill him\!\]

There were seven constellations, including Demon King Ose. I naturally
couldn't deal with them with my current power. I desperately evaded the
attacks but the 95th scenario was the 95th scenario.

They might be ordinary constellations of the absolute evil system but the
blows hurt. My flesh was frayed by the onslaught and the range of my movements
became narrower.

Despite the urgency, I continued to think of ways to wake up Yoo Joonghyuk.
Some things came to mind that would definitely wake up Yoo Joonghyuk.

The problem was what came next. If I woke him up using the methods I was
thinking of, I was likely to die.

I bit my lips and slowly opened my mouth. There was no way. In any case, I
expected it to happen like this. I briefly took a deep breath and opened my
mouth. "How long will you keep your mouth shut?"

The expressions of the constellations changed at my words. Their eyes wondered
what I was talking about.

I continued speaking. "It will be difficult for them if I die here." The next
moment, the pockets of my chest shone brightly and a true voice was heard.

\[What, you knew?\]

Of course, I wouldn't wake up Yoo Joonghyuk. I might die if I did something
crazy like that.

"It would be strange if I didn't know. I don't have a flower arrangement
hobby."

Two flowers emerged from the inner pocket of my coat. It was a red cosmos and
a white lily. I hadn't noticed their existence in the beginning. I realized
when I crossed worlds. They were really daring constellations.

\[Tsk. There is no other way.\]

The moment they realized the identity of the true voice, the complexion of the
constellations hostile to me darkened. The 'lily' laughed at them.

\[Should we both come out? Or Jophiel, will you do it alone?\]

\[They are enemies of Eden. Immediately execute them.\]

\[...Do you want to do it together? How annoying. Okay, I understand.\]

The next moment, the petals of the cosmos and lily scattered in the wind. The
petals moved towards the sky and a message flashed in front of me. I looked at
the message for a moment before slowly nodding.

A huge presence started to descend behind me. Astonishment appeared on the
faces of the constellations and I couldn't help laughing.

I was curious. I had wondered what Jung Heewon felt like at the time. Now I
knew very well.

Six wings stretched out from behind me. I overflowed with probability as the
'status' of Eden's best archangels was discharged from my body.

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' has appeared in Seoul\!\]

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' has appeared in Seoul\!\]


