### Chapter 442: Ep. 83 - Dokja's Incarnation, IV

"Ahjussi\!"

Powerful rays of light exploding out from Kim Dokja's entire body, and the
waves of magical energy containing <Emperor>'s Giant Story pouncing on Shin
Yoosung's position, happened almost at the same time.

She reflexively embraced his body. The durability of her \[Beast King's
Sensitivity\] had dropped to a critical level after defending against
countless attacks so far. But she had no other methods to defend against this
new wave other than this one.

She squeezed her eyes shut and the moment she hunkered down, a storm of
blinding light exploded and the waves of Stories blanketing the surroundings
disappeared as if they were washed away.

"...Ah?"

Her body, raised up to the sky, slowly descended back down again.

The spot where Kim Dokja had been standing only until a moment ago was now
occupied by a tall man. He was blessed with the blindingly pure platinum-
blonde hair, forged steel-like muscles, and \[Fiery Golden Eyes\] burning in a
crimson hue.

<Emperor>'s Constellations freaked out.

\[T-this can't be...\!\]

The Outer Gods were also shocked by the emission of the stupendous level of
Status from him.

Currently possessing the bodies of the Yogoes, these Outer Gods expressed
their fluster at the stunning Status of Chaos rising from this tall man.

\[WhoWhoWhoWhoWho\]

The man grinned brightly. \[For them to not recognise me. I guess my
retirement has gone on for too long.\]

Shin Yoosung couldn't figure out what was going on here. She could definitely
sense Kim Dokja's aura from this man, but he was not 'him'.

In that case, just who was this man?

"Ahjussi...?"

\[So, you're Sanzang?\]

The Great Sage calmly looked down at her before slowly lowering himself. Soon,
their gazes were locked on the same eye level.

\[Kim Dokja is safe.\]

An unfathomable sense of lonesome longing flooded out from his \[Fiery Golden
Eyes\]. Shin Yoosung unconsciously reached out. The moment her hand touched
that cold golden headband on his head...

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

Her hand trembled.

She could sense it so clearly.

Kim Dokja was living and breathing within this person. Not only did he not
transform into a mysterious something, but the figure of Kim Dokja she was
familiar with remained as was.

"Yoosung-ah\!"

Jung Heewon dashed in from the distance and hurriedly shielded Shin Yoosung
away while shooting the Great Sage a glare. He simply grinned back at her, and
shifted his gaze up to the sky.

That was where a portion of <Emperor>'s Constellations, Great Dokkaebis, as
well as the Wenny King could be found.

\[Why do you all look like that? Weren't you yapping on happily among
yourselves without the protagonist of 'Journey to the West', me, present
earlier?\]

Indeed, he was the main protagonist of the Journey, the Great Sage Heaven's
Equal.

One of the Great Dokkaebis asked him a question. \[Why have you stepped
forward? Do you not have an agreement with the <Emperor>?\]

\[I didn't break the deal. Besides, do you even have any idea what that deal
is in first place, before asking me that?\]

The Great Dokkaebi didn't have the chance to reply, as the Wenny King's true
voice butted in first.

\[Monkey King\! Are you insane? The 'Demon King of Salvation' is ours. He's an
Outer God now, in other words. That was our agreement\!\]

\[He's my brother now. And also...\] The Great Sage's \[Fiery Golden Eyes\]
emitted bright light. \[I'm also an 'Outer God' now.\]

Due to Douzhanshengfo's transformation into an Outer God, the aura of Chaos
was billowing out from Sun Wukong's entire body.

\[Shares of 'Outer God' in the applicable scenario currently is 35.333%.\]

\[Hidden Scenario  'Verifying Agreement' has been completed\!\]

\[Power of the Giant Story has begun moving\!\]

\[Scenario, Journey to the West Remake, is entering its final phase\!\]

\(And then, Sun Wukong looked at his long-time companions.\)

Yogoes that had fallen into confusion were all looking up at him. The majority
of them were 'Outer Gods' used as expendables in the scenario. Up until only a
few moments ago, they had been searching for their king, yet now, they were
shaking their heads in a clear sign of fluster.

\[KingisKingisKingisKingisKingis\]

\[WhichoneWhichoneWhichoneWhichoneWhichone\]

Yogoes were at a loss, stuck between the Great Sage appearing as a brand-new
'Outer God', and the 'Secretive Plotter' they had been following originally.

He spoke to them as if he could understand their confusion. \[You all suffered
greatly until now, my friends.\]

\(These Yogoes, they had experienced this really lengthy tale together with
him.\)

\[I know very well of the ordeals you were subjected to. I was born as a
Yogoe, but got influenced by men's ways, and ended up accepting their ideals
and customs. I carried out what they deemed to be true righteousness, and
walked on their path of Dao.\]

\(Sometimes, they were his enemies. At other times, they were his allies.\)

\[And the result of that, is this. Yogoes were sacrificed. And the meaningless
epiphany repeated itself. Now, Journey to the West has become a tool to
strengthen the Nebula's influence by spreading around the tired, obvious
truths.\]

\(However, all of that was nothing more than a Story, a play performed on a
stage.\)

\[I'm sure it'll be impossible to atone for the past. Even then, if you are
willing to forgive me...\]

\(The ancient king of the Yogoes. Their king, who used to fight against the
heavenly worlds once upon a time, was now speaking to them.\)

\[Then I shall fight for you from now on.\]

One by one, Yogoes raised their heads.

\[ReallyReallyReallyReallyReally\]

The Great Sage replied to them. \[I shall put my true name on the line and
swear to you.\]

Yogoes began moving towards him. One and two soon became ten, grew to a
hundred, and before long, went past a thousand. Yogoes hiding under the
river's water, ones hiding within the clouds in the sky, they all revealed
themselves. They gathered like swarms and began forming a horde. As if they
were trying to worship the king they had served a long time ago.

\[Ancient 'Giant Story' is waking up.\]

\[Halt\! Cease what you're doing\!\]

\[You're a judge\! A judge cannot interfere with a Story in progre...\!\]

Great Dokkaebis urgently stepped forward to stop this situation, but it was
useless, at least this time around.

\[<Star Stream> has acknowledged the Probability of the 95th Main Scenario.\]

\[Main theme of the Journey to the West Remake is changing drastically\!\]

Even the Great Dokkaebis couldn't go against the gigantic flow of the <Star
Stream>. As for the Wenny King, it stepped back without resistance as if it
wished to observe the unfolding situation first.

Its original aim was to send 'Outer Gods' into a scenario anyway, so
technically, that goal had pretty much already been accomplished. The only
problem was...

...Who was the one leading all these 'Outer Gods'?

Ku-gugugugu\!

Thunderbolts crashed down from the \[Great Hole\] in the sky, and soon,
something broke past the abyss to make their descent.

\[H-he is...\!\]

Status emitted by him was so powerful that the Outer Gods appearing so far
couldn't even compare to him. The Great Sage, the Wenny King, even the Great
Dokkaebis  they all witnessed that person's incarnation into the world.

The Great Sage smirked. \[So, he finally showed up.\]

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', has incarnated into the scenario's
location\!\]

\[Someone has joined the scenario in the role of 'Demon King of Confusion'\!\]

The 'Secretive Plotter', currently in the form of a jet-black lump of shadow
wavering around in the wind, took on the role of a Yogoe to participate in the
scenario. Perhaps due to him not going through a proper entry procedure,
blindingly bright sparks were enveloping his entire body.

The Great Sage asked him. \[Are you here to hinder this great Master Sun?\]

That depends on your choice.

\[As expected, you have a rather insidious-sounding voice, 'Secretive
Plotter'.\]

This would be the first time that these two came face-to-face. A confrontation
was brewing between two Constellations who had been watching Kim Dokja for a
long time through Bihyung's, and later, Biyoo's channel.

The Great Sage growled and spoke up. \[You pretended to be all slick and
sophisticated in your indirect messages, but today, you finally reveal your
true colours.\]

The 'Secretive Plotter' quietly studied the Great Sage. Meanwhile, you are
just as thoughtless as your indirect messages suggest.

Sun Wukong emitted a stupendous amount of Status and roared out triumphantly
while gripping his Ruyi Jingu Bang. \[Enough talk. Since you're here, let's
fight. This situation won't get resolved unless I kick your ass first,
anyway.\]

The Plotter's entrance caused agitation and unrest to spread among the
surrounding Yogoes. It seemed as if they were hesitating on who to follow
among these two absolute beings.

Submit to the king of all Yogoes, the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal?

If not, submit to the king of Outer Gods, the 'Secretive Plotter'?

The possibility of a sudden confrontation between two Constellations brought
about a palpable sense of tension to the Great Dokkaebis, Wenny King, and to
other Constellations floating in the air.

On one side, an Outer God who dreamed of the <Star Stream>'s destruction,
while the other, the strongest Constellation within <Star Stream> itself.

A battlefield that had never been created before was about to commence.

Sun Wukong, burning with the will to fight, was about to raise his Ruyi Bang
high up into the sky, but then...

I'm sorry, but your opponent today isn't going to be me.

Accompanying those words, the heavens split open wide and a great amount of
sparks exploded out.

\[Nebula, <Emperor>'s, Constellations are descending to the scenario\!\]

The number flooding in was in another realm altogether compared to <Emperor>'s
forces that had entered so far. Half-destroyed stars of the 28 Mansions, the
few remaining Lords of the Nine Stars, Dragon Kings of the Four Seas, and
after that, a countless number of immortals and wargods from the Taoist
pantheon were incarnating into the scenario.

\[Constellation, 'Master of the Immortal Peach Garden', is incarnating into
the scenario\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Heaven's Wise Man', is incarnating into the scenario\!\]

\[A great number of Constellations hiding their Modifiers are incarnating into
the scenario\!\]

That wasn't all. Spirits that ruled the plains, the mountains, and the rivers,
and even the great cosmic army that guarded the heavenly palaces  an army
consisting of over 100 thousand in total blanketed the scenario's sky.

\[The Pagoda-Bearing Heavenly King Li Jing, Prince Nezha, and Erlang Shen. Now
that is a nostalgic combination. And not only that, the heavenly palace's
lazy-arsed geezers are here too...\]

\(The enemies from the heavenly palace he used to fight against a long time
ago were now standing before him.\)

\[Great Sage, what's the meaning of this?\]

Prince Nezha, the very one who tried to suppress Jung Heewon along with Fei Hu
earlier, was now brimming full with the power of a Story incomparably mightier
than before. That was because he was no longer playing a role from the Story
chamber, but making an appearance as himself.

\[What do you mean, what? I'm here to end this scenario.\]

The Great Sage's curt reply prompted an immediate opposition from <Emperor>'s
Constellations to rise up.

\[You can't arbitrarily decide on the conclusion like this\!\]

\[Don't you realize that the Journey to the West will end up in the hands of
a weakling Nebula if you do this?\!\]

\[Hurry and give up on the 'sacred texts'\!\]

The Great Sage looked at the 'sacred texts' held in his hand, and then, took a
glance at Shin Yoosung next to him. Then, a smirk formed on his lips.

\[Argh, it's fine if it ends up with them. What's the problem? I mean, it's
good that its fame is spreading out even further, am I wrong?\]

\[This is against our agreement\!\]

\[Nope, it isn't. Us helping you out was until 'The four Sun Wukongs choose
the same Story', wasn't it? And that day has arrived, that's all.\]

Having realized what the Great Sage was thinking of, the <Emperor>'s
Constellations began exchanging glances with each other.

\[Nebula, <Emperor>, is greatly enraged at the 'Prisoner of the Golden
Headband'\!\]

Erlang Shen stepped forward to represent his Nebula. \[Great Sage. Do you
understand what your actions mean? Could you be possibly planning to start the
'Great War against the Heavenly Worlds' in this place?\]

\[Hmm? No, I didn't think of that, but well, if you wish to fight, then...\]

Ku-gugugu\!\!

The incredible aura flooding out from the Great Sage's Incarnation Body forced
Constellations of <Emperor> to falter and retreat. His Story that swept across
the heavenly worlds in the past was being unshackled in this scenario.

However, Erlang Shen's voice remained composed. \[I acknowledge your strength.
No one from <Emperor> can even dream of besting you in one on one combat.
However, you can't win in this fight. Because the Story will simply repeat
itself.\]

Tsu-chuchuchuchut...\!

Signs of Stage Transformation could be spied now. Stories collided, and the
event from a long time ago was about to be recreated once more.

A great war between the king of Yogoes, the Great Sage Heaven's Equal, and
<Emperor>.

The Great Sage spoke up. \[For sure, I did lose back then. However, that was
when I was just the 'Great Sage, Heaven's Equal'.\]

The <Emperor> sensed something was off and made their move first.

\[He's about to use his magic\! Subdue him, now\!\]

\[Lord Daode Tianzun\! Your Jingangzhuo...\!\]

\[Come, Six Brothers from the Mae Mountain\!\]

The Great Sage summoned his Somersault Cloud while watching the army of the
heavenly worlds pounce on him. Dark clouds dyeing the sky black heeded Sun
Wukong's Story and began gathering into one place.

\[Giant Story, 'Journey to the West', has begun its storytelling\!\]

And then, he opened his mouth. \[My true name is Sun Wukong.\]

The Great Sage Heaven's Equal.

Meihouwang.

Bimawen.

Douzhanshengfo.

And, finally...

The Demon King of Salvation.

A storm began raging on top of the Tongtian River. Thunder and lightning
crashed down. And in the center of this storm, the Great Sage was slowly
clenching his fists.

  

* * *

  

As the blinding lightning bolts pounded down on the battlefield, Yoo Joonghyuk
finally arrived at his destination.

The godly figure of the Great Sage bringing down numerous Constellations in
the middle of the Tongtian was truly something to behold.

'...Kim Dokja is inside that guy, huh'.

Thanks to his golden-coloured \[Sage's Eye\], Yoo Joonghyuk got to quickly
confirm Kim Dokja's current situation. It seemed that the fool was still
alive. And for some strange reason, that powerful 'Great Sage' personally
incarnated to grant the man his own powers.

Jung Heewon and Shin Yoosung could be seen some distance away. They were
basically hiding among the great battles taking place between the Yogoes and
the Constellations, which was a wise decision on their part, really.

As for Lee Gilyoung, Lee Jihye, or even Jan Hayoung, it seemed that they
hadn't arrived in this location as of yet.

'We need to finish this scenario soon'.

Their Story chamber had already reached the top of the rankings, and the
'sacred texts' were in the hands of Shin Yoosung, currently playing the role
of Tang Sanzang.

\[The I've become the retired SSSSS-grade Sun Wukong Story chamber is
currently holding the 'sacred texts'.\]

\[Guarding the 'sacred texts' for one hour will automatically conclude the
scenario.\]

\[54 minutes remaining until the conclusion of the scenario.\]

Even the final phase of the scenario had been activated, as well. Just by
holding on, the Giant Story of the 'Journey to the West' would be <Kim Dokja's
Company>'s.

However, there was one thing that concerned him. And that would be...

Ku-gugugu...

It was that 'person' currently spectating on the battlefield from the middle
of the sky.

The 'Secretive Plotter'.

He was simply watching on at the fight between the Great Sage and <Emperor>
without getting involved. Yoo Joonghyuk could guess what he was planning here.
He was probably planning to wait until the Great Sage ran out of strength and
launch a sneak attack on his opponent afterwards.

However, the incarnated Plotter's aura wasn't the same as before.

 He seems to have wasted a lot of Probability. He indeed has far too much
riding on this regression turn.

Those words were spoken by Yoo Joonghyuk \[999\]. From some time ago, this
damn dumpling was making himself home on the full-sized Yoo Joonghyuk's
shoulder.

He glanced at \[999\] with disinterested eyes before silently unsheathing the
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\].

"Meaning, this is my chance to kill him."

That was when the Secretive Plotter accurately locked eyes with him. Just from
meeting that being's gaze caused Yoo Joonghyuk to freeze up on the spot.

\[Story, 'One who Opposes Miracles', is shrinking away.\]

\[Story, 'One who Hunted the King of Disasters', is refusing to fight.\]

His Stories were shivering in fear. So, becoming weak meant falling into such
a state? The memories of defeat brushing past him now ruled over him.

Perhaps, the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] wasn't the only thing that broke
on that day.

\[999\] addressed him again.

 Looks like you're afraid.

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't want to acknowledge it, but it was the truth.

 Indeed, the current you will never defeat the 'Great Plotter'.

It was the 'despair' that couldn't be overcome no matter which history he was
willing to bet away. Yoo Joonghyuk stared at that overwhelming wall of time.
That wasn't something mere 'effort' could overcome.

 However, it's not as if there are no other avenues left for you.

"What?"

\[999\] leapt off from Yoo Joonghyuk's shoulder, and his outer appearance
began transforming. A Murim dumpling was changing to that of Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[999\]'s height grew back up in an instant, and regained the exact same
appearance as Yoo Joonghyuk's.

The distinctive Status of a Transcendent oozed out from the back of another
him currently facing away. Yoo Joonghyuk became keenly aware of who this was
in this moment.

Yoo Joonghyuk from the 999th turn.

As his black coat danced in the air, \[999\] addressed his counterpart.
"Remember. Remember who you really are. Remember what you wished to achieve by
coming this far."

\[999\] then slowly pulled out a sword from his inner pocket. Surprisingly, it
was not the \[Splitting the Sky Sword\].

No, it was the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], the exact same weapon that the
3rd turn Yoo Joonghyuk possessed.

\[999\] spoke up once more.

"Let me show you the battle from the 999th turn."


