### Chapter 400: Ep. 76 - Book of Revelation, II

If you were to unpack the contents of my declaration, then they went along the
lines of "kill us, and you will definitely die, too".

At first, the Constellations were agitated, then they began whispering among
themselves, and finally, silence descended in their midst. Some stared at
Agares, while the others, at Metatron. They were the holders of the highest
authorities on this battlefield, but they simply maintained their silence with
unreadable expressions on their faces.

However, even though no orders were issued, the clouds of war unexpectedly
began churning slowly on the outskirts of the gathered masses.

\[<Kim Dokja's Company>. We know very well what you're trying to do.\] It was
a Constellation from <Papyrus> who roared out with true voice. \[However, we
still have a score to settle with you.\]

"I wonder about that. It's hard to tell who is owing who here."

My retort prompted the Constellations of <Papyrus> to free their weapons from
their sheaths.

\[You said that you're neither 'Good' nor 'Evil'. That also means you are both
'Good' and 'Evil', too.\]

Nebula <Papyrus> had chosen to affiliate themselves with 'Evil'.

\[We will kill all those bastards that have sided with 'Good', at the
least\!\]

What a wise decision that was. The Chaos Points only rose up when 'Good'
fought against 'Good' and likewise, when 'Evil' fought against 'Evil'.
<Papyrus> had figured out a way to judge us without going against the rules of
this battlefield.

\[The Oldest Evil wishes for your elimination.\]

\[The Oldest Good wishes for your elimination.\]

We were nothing more than viruses in this 'Great War of Saints and Demons';
hosts that interfered with a system that was operating normally to spread
infections around.

With <Papyrus> as the center, the waves of 'Good' and 'Evil' were growing
larger and larger.

Constellations burning in animosity towards each other only a few moments ago
were now all redirecting their hostilities towards us.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The expressions of my companions froze up. Yoo Joonghyuk changed his attitude
and spoke. "Kim Dokja."

He must've known it, too  even if <Underworld> and <Asgard> were with us,
even if the members of <Kim Dokja's Company> were in one place...

...If we clashed directly against them, then someone in our group would
definitely die.

Suddenly, my perception sped up and time slowed down somewhat.

Their advancing speed is quicker than I thought.

Too many Constellations came to their decision too quickly.

Maybe, I should've reached 80 in the Chaos Points first.

Several sentences flitted in and out of my head.

I recalled the 'Ways of Survival'. Who should I ask for help if I were to
emerge victorious from this situation?

My adopted parents in the <Underworld>?

'The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal', who hadn't participated in the war yet?

Or, the Outer God-grade 'Secretive Plotter'?

Cheok Jungyeong and the Constellations from the Korean Peninsula?

Even the faces of my teachers and Jang Hayoung floated up to the fore, too.

Especially Jang Hayoung; although I desperately needed help, I thought that
it'd be for the best if she didn't show up.

\['Fruit of Good and Evil' is stimulating your guilty conscience.\]

Maybe, this could be my sense of responsibility. I hoped that Jang Hayoung,
born to this world because of me, wouldn't get swept up in the scenarios. My
small wish that she'd get to live her own story in her own terms.

The reason why I didn't advise Jang Hayoung to join <Kim Dokja's Company> or
reveal the information on the future was that I felt such ambivalent emotions.

"Aaaahhhhk\!"

The ranks of the Reincarnators meeting the enemies at the forefront were
collapsing. They screamed as tsunami waves swept them up and tore them apart.

\[Die\!\]

Han Sooyoung looked at the Constellations and Demon Kings rushing at us while
spouting trite remarks, and smiled nervously. "Looks like we're going to win.
Those muttering such lines would die the quickest."

The corners of the companions' lips twitched energetically at her timely joke.

"Here they come."

Their utterances might have been trite, but their Statuses were certainly not.
'Good and Evil' might have been the stalest of Stories in this world, but it
was also one of the most powerful, as well.

The nervousness I felt through my skin was different from all the other
battlefields I had experienced so far.

This was all for real.

This was the 'Great War of Saints and Demons', and this was the true power of
the Constellations.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

The Status of 'Good' and 'Evil', seemingly large enough to completely blanket
the entire great battlefield; its crashing waves had reached right before our
noses in no time at all.

300 meters.

200 meters.

100 meters.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke. "Now."

Everyone knew what their roles were. The members of <Kim Dokja's Company>
unleashed their Statuses simultaneously.

\[Narrators of Nebula <Kim Dokja's Company> have gathered.\]

\[Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

'Demon Realm's Spring' wrapped around us as if to protect us, and 'Torch that
Swallowed the Myth' began screeching as if it'd rip anyone approaching us to
shreds. Still, these two alone wouldn't be enough to stop them from coming.

Even if they were the same 'Giant Stories', the time experienced was
different. That enormous gap couldn't be bridged with the 50 years in Kaizenix
Archipelago.

Even then, this was our story.

30 meters.

Lee Jihye finished loading the cannons and raised her sword up high.

Just as the Dragonhead figurehead began reddening up as the 'Maritime War
God's' blessing descended upon us...

"Wait\!\!"

I stopped Lee Jihye. Her jaw slackened from shock; I reached out and grasped
her sword faltering aimlessly in the air. The cannon on the verge of firing
withdrew its energy.

"What the hell are you doing, ahjussi?\!"

Other companions were also surprised by my unexpected action. To think, I'd
suddenly interfere when we found ourselves in a situation where we'd surely
die even if we struggled with all our might.

Rather than a verbal answer, I pointed towards the opposite side, instead.

"Uh?"

With exactly ten meters to go, the waves of 'Good' and 'Evil' had come to a
standstill as if it was all a lie.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

...As if, they were being powerfully restrained by something.

The faces of Constellations grumbling away and the Demon Kings spewing out
choice words could be seen pretty close to us. Some carried dissatisfied
expressions, while others looked relieved.

"...But, why so suddenly?"

I realized the reason pretty soon.

A single Constellation and a single Demon King were floating up above the
frozen tsunami wave, that was why.

They were Metatron and Agares. Two of the strongest beings in this battlefield
had for the first time, unleashed their true voices.

\[All Constellations, withdraw your hostilities and return to your
positions\!\]

\[The battle will be paused for the time being.\]

I raised my head up towards the air above after hearing their sudden
declaration of a cease-fire.

The reason for the cease-fire could be seen etched in that spot.

\[Chaos Points have surpassed 80.\]

\[Countdown to Apocalypse has begun.\]

  

* * *

  

Chaos Points of 80.

It really was a close call, too close for comfort.

What saved us wasn't Constellations or the Demon Kings. No, it was the weakest
faction in this battlefield, instead.

"There must've been the cases of the same camps clashing during the
Reincarnators dying at the frontline."

Weak 'Good' was still 'Good', and weak 'Evil' was still 'Evil'. The 'Good and
Evil' became obsessed only with killing us, and as a consequence of
disregarding such 'weaklings', it was now on the path towards the apocalypse.

\[From here on, Chaos Points will rise by one point every thirty minutes.\]

Once the Chaos Points exceeded 80, its rate of increase would speed up. Even
if there was no clash from here onwards, it'd continue to climb up, and in
exactly ten hours, it'd reach the critical point.

In other words, the revival of the Apocalypse Dragon would commence.

\[The Most Ancient Calamity at the deepest part of Hell is feeling pleased.\]

One of the absolute worst calamities in the history of the <Star Stream>, the
Apocalypse Dragon. Whether it be the 'Good' or 'Evil' camp, none wanted to see
its revival.

Once the dragon revives, at least a quarter of all Constellations in the <Star
Stream> would die, that was why. Anyone from this battlefield could become
part of that quarter.

\[Great battlefield of 'Great War of Saints and Demons' has come to a
temporary standstill.\]

\[Representatives of 'Good' and 'Evil' are currently in an emergency
conference.\]

And so, that message floating in the air signified both 'Good' and 'Evil'
struggling bitterly in order to survive no matter what.

\[You have accomplished a feat no one has achieved so far\!\]

\[A Myth-grade Story is germinating within you\!\]

\[Your new Modifier will reflect this Story.\]

"Chet. I wanted to see how much stronger I got, though."

I patted Lee Gilyoung's head as the boy grumbled to himself.

We were currently sitting inside the passenger compartment of the battleship,
\[Turtle Dragon\]. Jung Heewon and Shin Yoosung were nursing Lee Hyunsung as
he lay unmoving like a dead man, while Lee Jihye looked wholly unconvinced by
something else.

"Is this really the end? But, we haven't even fought for real, though?"

Even though she said that, there was a relieved expression on her face as
well.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is congratulating you on your
success.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is feeling apologetic towards
you.\]

"...Uriel? It'll be fine to speak in your true voice."

Uriel currently squatting by the corner of the cabin lowered her head towards
me. For some reason, I thought I could understand where she was coming from,
just a little bit.

Right now, she felt responsible. The fact that her Nebula had attacked <Kim
Dokja's Company>, and then, in regards to the things done by those claiming to
be 'Absolute Good', too.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is looking up at you with tearful
eyes.\]

"You don't have to worry, Uriel. We don't hate you. And as for <Eden>...
Honestly speaking, my grievances towards them aren't much. We've received
their help before, too."

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', asks if you're telling the
truth.\]

I was lying.

However, it'd only hurt Uriel if I revealed how angry I was.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', says that the Scribe isn't such a
bad being...\]

"I also know what kind of a Constellation Metatron is. Please, you should rest
for a bit," I said, before leaving the cabin.

\[30 minutes have elapsed.\]

\[Chaos Points are rising up by one.\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 82\]

Alongside the messages entering my ears, there it was, a giant grey sphere
floating up in the air.

Its inside couldn't be spied on. Most likely, every single top-ranked Demon
King and Archangel was in there, having a conference right about now.

And it was also quite likely that the 'Good' and 'Evil' were talking crap
about <Kim Dokja's Company> and 'Demon King of Salvation' in one voice, too.

"Kim Dokja."

I flinched and looked back to find Han Sooyoung staring at me.

I spoke first. "Whenever you call out my name lately, I can't help but get
scared first. It's like, you must've caused another accident."

"It's you who causes accidents instead," complained Han Sooyoung, before
shifting her gaze over to the sphere and asking me. "What are they really
thinking about?"

"What do you mean?"

"Isn't this whole thing unfolding too smoothly?"

"It's because they don't want to die, either."

"You really think that's all?"

She narrowed her eyes and glared at me.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', is continuing its storytelling.\]

Judging from the whitish fragments of the Story floating around, it seemed
that she had activated 'Predictive Plagiarism' and kept it up ever since that
conference had commenced.

I asked her. "What do you think, then?"

"They are just too quiet. Even if they are terrified of the Apocalypse Dragon...
Something just feels off, you know."

Indeed, the instincts of an author could be very sharp; actually, I agreed
with her opinion, too.

A conference of 'Good' and 'Evil'  it sure sounded nice. However... The
Metatron I knew would never back off in such circumstances. He was the type of
guy who'd sacrifice anyone in order to perfectly fulfil the Absolute Good's
premise.

I stared at the grey sphere and spoke. "I don't know what they are cooking up
over on that side, but there is a way to find out what will happen in the
future."

"What is that?"

I looked straight at Han Sooyoung. And soon, her jaw dropped.

"God damn it, we had that method, didn't we."

Whether it was a conference or war, it'd come to an end in the next nine
hours.

And if it was that sort of a near future, then we knew of a being who could
read it better than anyone else in this world.

We quickly dashed towards the cabin at the rear. The thing was, the person we
were looking for was already with us by now.

"Hey, Miss Prophet\!"

We barged in to the room, only to find an unexpected guest there. Yoo
Joonghyuk and his scary scowl were busy grabbing onto Anna Croft's collars at
that moment.

He spoke. "...What bullshit are you talking about?"

"It is exactly as I said."

The shocked Han Sooyoung hurriedly shouted out. "Hey, you crazy bastard\! What
are you doing?\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk looked back at us with an emotionless expression before
releasing Anna Croft's collars. She formed a refreshing grin after discovering
us and waved her hand.

"Thank you for saving me. As expected of the 'Demon King of Salvation'."

"Well, I wasn't really trying to save you or anything, but..."

"You came to see me for the same reason, I suppose?"

Han Sooyoung and I stared at Yoo Joonghyuk. And he glared right back as if to
ask why we were looking at him.

As expected, he was really quick with things like this. He came up with a
solution to this situation way quicker than us, in other words. Han Sooyoung
began gnashing her teeth as she was unhappy about this. Sadly, though, he
didn't carry the expression of a victor.

Anna Croft spoke. "Let me get right to it, then. I can't see the future."

"What do you mean by that?"

Several thoughts floated up in my head, then.

Now that I thought about it, Anna Croft couldn't predict the future related to
me. I remembered that \[the Fourth Wall\] had something to do with it. What
did she say back then? Was it, there's noise hiding the future as if someone
drew graffiti all over it?

But then, Anna Croft was shaking her head. "It's not the noise obscuring the
future, but I simply can't read it at all. It's not as if someone has doodled
on the page, but more like the page with the doodling on it didn't exist in
the first place."

Han Sooyoung and I exchanged glances. An ominous foreboding slowly crept up
over me.

"Kim Dokja, this..."

Not like doodlings on a page, but the page itself had disappeared. No matter
how hard I thought about it, there could only be one type of future like that.

"...Can it be?"

As if it was waiting for this moment, messages suddenly floated up in the air.

\[Chaos Points is rising up by one point.\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 83\]

"But, it hasn't been 30 minutes yet?"

"It's not rising up because the time has elapsed," said Yoo Joonghyuk in a
hardened voice.

Time hadn't passed by, yet the Chaos Points had risen up. In that case, there
could only be one possibility.

\[Members from the same camp have clashed\!\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 84\]

Someone was trying to destroy this world.


