### Chapter 502: Ep. 96 - Demon-like Judge of Fire, II

Odin from the east, Nuwa from the west, and Osiris from the south...

We were somehow maintaining a precarious balance within this cauldron of Giant
Stories ceaselessly pounding on us.

\[Your Incarnation Body is breaking down\!\]

I forgot how many times I've heard that message by now. Yoo Joonghyuk's body
right next to me wasn't okay, either; he was left in tatters after taking on
the combined attacks from both Odin and Nuwa meant for Han Sooyoung and me.

Our gazes met for a moment there, but he scowled at me as if to ask, "What are
you looking at?" before pulling something out from his inner pocket to swallow
it.

\[Incarnation, 'Yoo Joonghyuk', is using 'Life and Death Pill'\!\]

In the end, he had consumed the very last Life and Death Pill Lee Seolhwa gave
us. We didn't have any left now.

\[Guwaaaaah\! Endure\!\!\]

The Korean Peninsula's Constellations roared out like untamed beasts and
wielded their weapons.

Kim Yoo-Shin did, so did Gyebaek, too. Gwanchang, as well. Constellations that
crossed swords once upon a time were now turning over a new leaf together in a
single Story under the shade of the \[Shindansu\].

Cheok Jungyeong could be seen standing at the forefront cutting enemies down.

\[This is why I can't abandon this land even though I curse it so much. Only
a few dying will resolve the issue, yet everyone's jumping in to die
together...

Even Pungbaek stayed by his side to raise winds and roared out like a lion.
The one who was at odds with us back in the Great War of Saints and Demons,
was now standing up for our sakes.

\[I can aid the descendants of <Hongik>. I don't need any compensation.

Pungbaek's winds writhed violently, and the <Hongik>'s Constellations rode on
that wind to rush forward. Lee Sun-Shin's \[Ghost Fleet\] kept firing their
cannons, while Gyeonhwon's arrows pierced through the hearts of many stars.

However, the number of enemies didn't seem to be decreasing at all.

\[Where is this Korean Peninsula even located in?\]

\[These measly Historical-grade bastards dare to...\! You insects\! Sweep them
all away\!\]

Even then, the Korean Peninsula's Constellations were enduring well.

\[Giant Story, 'Shindansu', is raising the strengths of all Constellations
from the Korean Peninsula\!\]

If the enemies had Odin and Osiris, then we too had a Myth-grade Constellation
 the Myth-grade that could greatly enhance \[Shindansu\]'s power,
Constellation 'Virtuous Wanggeom'.

\[Constellation, 'Virtuous Wanggeom', says that this is all the aid he can
provide.\]

Unlike other Myth-grade Constellations, his sense of presence seemed quite
faint. It was probably due to the effects of this world-line; <Hongik> didn't
have a whole lot to do during this world-line, after all.

And it was quite likely that <Hongik>'s Constellations couldn't get out from
the ark's cabin due to the pressure exerted by other Myth-grade
Constellations.

\[Do not show them your backs\! We shall never retreat\!\]

\[Story, 'Burning the Boats', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Cheok Jungyeong raised his sword, and Lee Sun-Shin continued to command the
others. These heroes from the mythical history who had never yielded to any
myth, continued their battle against the actual gods from various myths.

Even though their flesh was torn apart and their entire bodies were wrecked,
they never knelt down and continued to wield their blades.

The Korean Peninsula's surface area was getting smaller and smaller.

Jeon Woo-Chi who had morphed into a tiger to fight, finally collapsed. Seo Ae
Il Pil's personal brush broke, and Lee Sun-Shin's Ghost Fleet sank one by one.
Even Cheok Jungyeong's sword, capable of cutting down thousands of enemies,
mountains and seas, was getting dull, as well.

I already expected this. I was supposed to harden my resolve several times
over by now. The Story to be written from now on would consist of texts
stained by the blood of these stars.

\[<Star Stream>'s final Giant Story is sprouting new buds\!\]

Right next second, Thor's hammer came flying in at Cheok Jungyeong's neck. It
was an attack that not even the Korean Peninsula's greatest warrior could
dodge.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is unleashing all of her
Status\!\]

And it was Uriel that blocked the incoming attack.

"Kim Dokja\! Archangels have arrived\!"

Han Sooyoung shouted out.

More Archangels descended on the battlefield, accompanied by blinding rays of
light. And in the center of them was Uriel wielding the \[Flames of
Conflagration\].

\[...It's like, me and Gabriel want to join 'Kim Dokja's Company' too, you
see?\]

Uriel said that to us just before we left for the Final Scenario. She wanted
to join our Nebula, and wanted to become our strength, she said.

The Constellation who has changed the most from the 'original' Kim Dokja
knew.

I never figured out why Uriel liked our story so much.

"Do you really wish to go that far just to help us?"

All I could do now was to cowardly take advantage of her goodwill.

\[A new 'Great Good' has appeared in <Eden>\!\]

Uriel's Status whipped about stylishly.

She was now no longer the 'Narrative-grade Constellation' Uriel.

Ku-gugugugu\!

\[...A new 'Great Good'?\]

Myth-grade Constellations looked at Uriel and began freaking out.

The new Great Good of <Eden>, an existence meant to replace the Myth-grade
Constellation, 'Metatron'. Uriel had become <Eden>'s leader, and chose to help
us.

\[All seraphim, advance\!\]

Along with Raphael's signal, Archangels collided against the Narrative-grade
Constellations from <Papyrus> and <Vedas>.

\[Oldest Good is searching for its enemy\!\]

\[Do you really think that the likes of a destroyed Nebula can overturn this
battle's outcome?\]

Odin remained unflustered even then, and raised his spear to point it at
Uriel. And the god spear that reputedly no one could evade, \[Gungnir\], flew
towards her.

\[Get out my sight.\]

The Statuses of \[Flames of Conflagration\] and \[Gungnir\] collided.

Odin's thunderclaps tearing through the heavens, and Uriel's conflagration
that incinerated hell, clashed face to face.

Two Statuses fought intensely; in the battle between two Myth-grade
Constellations where neither of them would normally back down, it was
surprisingly Odin who withdrew first. His left arm summoning the spear back
was trembling ever so slightly.

\[How pathetic, Odin. Allow me to help.\]

Myth-grade Constellations were far more sensitive towards danger than any
other existences.

They were the oldest stars in this world that hated unexpected variables. And
that was why they would never allow any sort of danger to blossom.

Myth-grade Constellations exchanged glances in less than a blink of an eye and
commenced bombardment on Uriel simultaneously.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

Even if she was now <Eden>'s Great Good, she still wouldn't be able to defend
against such an attack. However, she didn't back down. Even though feathers of
her wings were ripped off, and crimson Story splattered on her pale cheeks,
her sword didn't weaken at all.

\[None of you are my greatest enemy.\]

Uriel who had always been watching our Story from high up above in the sky 
her eyes were now shifting in my direction.

\[Nebula, <Eden>, is readying its 'Giant Story'.\]

"Dokja-ssi\!"

From afar, my companions including Jung Heewon were rushing towards us. Maybe
she already knew the truth. Knew what Uriel was planning to do here.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

<Eden> alone couldn't fight against all of these Great Nebulas. The strengths
of the Myth-grade Constellations permeating within this ark would even equal
the whole of <Star Stream> itself. So, if one wanted to defeat them, one
required a 'Giant Story' with truly incredible Probability.

\[The Stage Transformation is activating\!\]

Simply put, a massive myth that could bring all the other myths to their doom
was needed.

\[I am the 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'.\]

Uriel slowly blinked her eyes currently burning up like a real demon's.

\[I wish for an 'Evil' that will validate my Modifier.\]

As her words came to an end, flames erupting out from her \[Flames of
Conflagration\] burned through the stars in the heavens. Something began
writhing from the other side of hell.

The Oldest Good called out to its enemy.

Right then, Lee Gilyoung's eyes suddenly became white.

And the demon curled up in hell's deepest pit answered that call.

Something resembling the pitch-black storm clouds rolled in from beyond the
burning sky.

Something that was not <Asgard>, not <Vedas>, and also not <Papyrus>, flooded
in towards this side while emitting truly despicable and insidious aura.

\[Constellation, 'Ruler of the Deepest Pit', is opening the Pandmonium\!\]

Demons began waking up from the skies of the burning hell.

\[Oldest Evil is searching for its enemy\!\]

\['Wall that Divides the Good and Evil' is drawing out its theme\!\]

The master of Pandmonium biding its time for an innumerable amount of time
finally revealed its true strengths in place of the absent Demon Kings.

And so, the two representatives of Good and Evil began colliding with Myth-
grade Constellations caught in the middle.

And there was an ancient being observing that great battle between Good and
Evil.

The \[Chimera Dragon\] flapping its wings in Shin Yoosung's side suddenly
began emitting light from deep within its body. It was a scene that happened
in the original, too. Finally, her dragon was evolving into an 'Ancient
Dragon'.

Soon, radiant golden lustre blinded everyone. The \[Chimera Dragon\], now
enjoying the Status of a complete 'Ancient Dragon', roared out to the heavens
above.

The Dragon Call. The howling of a dragon that summoned its kin by
sacrificing its own life.

Gu-aaaaaaaah\!\!

And from the other side of the darkened sky, howls of dragons could be heard.
Traces of electricity and flames danced everywhere. All dragons living in this
world heeded the \[Chimera Dragon\]'s call and were flying over here.

\[The Stage Transformation's degree of reproduction is rapidly rising up\!\]

Rather than tearing into the stars, the dragons started fighting tooth and
nail against each other, instead. Even the \[Gold Dragon's Heart\] replacing
my original heart was writhing powerfully as well.

It was a sight we all witnessed back in the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.

A Dragon with seven heads and ten horns will awaken from the center of the
hottest hell.

He is the Dragon among all Dragons. The leader of Dragons born in the center
of chaos, the oldest hatred in this world.

The 'Dragon's Festival', the riot of dragons taking place in the hottest place
in hell, had commenced.

Myth-grade Constellations belatedly realized what was going on here and cried
out in sheer astonishment.

\[C-could these bastards be...?\!\]

\[Make them stop\!\]

Everyone here knew very well what kind of calamity would crash the party if
another 'Great War of Saints and Demons' took place here.

\[You, you bastards dare\!\!\]

The Great Dokkaebis, not many remaining now after Bihyung's sacrifice,
revealed themselves inside the ark. The Great Dokkaebi 'Garang' with its horn
now broken off, was yelling out loudly.

\[Suppress that Giant Story's Probability\!\]

Great Dokkaebis activated their authorities, and the Myth-grade Constellations
inside the ark used up their own Coin reserves, as well.

\[Constellation, 'Master of December 25th', does not want 'Great War of Saints
and Demons'\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Great Mother God Who Created Man Out of Earth', does not
want 'Great War of Saints and Demons'\!\]

\[Constellation, 'One-eyed Father', does not want 'Great War of Saints and
Demons'\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of Abydos', does not want 'Great War of Saints and
Demons'\!\]

The Probability of the unfolding Stage Transformation was being suppressed as
an incredible amount of Coins got injected simultaneously.

The <Star Stream>'s Probability flowed towards the direction the majority
wanted to see. And at this stage, there didn't seem to be anyone out there
capable of going against the will of those possessing the most amount of Coins
in this world.

With an exception of one being.

I heard the soft hum of an engine coming from behind, followed by the familiar
scent of a cigar.

"You've come."

The 'Mass Production Maker' stood on my side and spoke up. \[This is the type
of Story that I love the most.\]

He also said something similar back then, when we first met during the
'Gourmet Association'.

He was the Constellation that loved all the Stories of this world.

He formed an unreadable expression while looking at the Story of 'Great War of
Saints and Demons' writhing violently before his eyes.

He was also a Constellation that spent his life mass-producing SSS-rank items.

\[It has... taken a really long time.\]

"My apologies."

\[Honestly speaking, I felt puzzled when I first heard what my  would be. I
believed that no such  would ever come knocking at my door.\]

"And are your thoughts different now?"

The 'Mass Production Maker' wordlessly stubbed his cigar and killed it off. He
then watched the Story of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' with me. The
history of all our battles was now being recreated in that place.

The 'Mass Production Maker' laughed out. \[At the very least, I think I
understand one thing  why my Story coaxed me to amass such a large reserve of
Coins until now.\]

Coins began floating up from his fingertips. There were so many that I
couldn't even dare to attempt at counting them.

\[It seems that it was for the purpose of completing the 'One Single Stage'.\]

Coins, along with his life itself, got sucked up into the sky. And his Coins
collided with the will of the numerous Constellations. The Myth-grade
Constellations roared out in anger, and the 'Mass Production Maker' calmly
opened his mouth.

The Constellation possessing this world's greatest authority replied to them.

\[Oh, my dear Constellations. I apologise, but I simply must see this stage.\]

And when all of his Coins were injected into the Probability in the air, its
powerful storm began enveloping the entirety of the ark. Meanwhile, the Mass
Production Maker's body suddenly aged at a visible rate.

\[Constellation, 'Mass Production Maker's'  is 'Depletion'.\]

\[The deficient Probability has been satisfied\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is being completely recreated
on this stage\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

A horrifying howl exploded out from the sky. Along with that explosion,
dragons fell towards the ground. I quickly pulled both Han Sooyoung and Anna
Croft closer, and along with Yoo Joonghyuk, evacuated towards where our
companions were.

Finally, the last verse of all the scenarios  the destruction of all
Constellations  was fast approaching us.

\[Do not get sucked into this measly little 'Great War of Saints and Demons'\!
We've won against many so-called great apocalypses time and time again, and
got this far\!\]

The 'Giant Stories' of the Myth-grade Constellations began waking up all at
the same time. Every Giant Story found in this world howled out, as if they
were unwilling to be overwhelmed by the scale of the 'Great War of Saints and
Demons'.

However, it was too late now.

This Dragon will look at the heaven once, and at earth once, and will strike
with its tail. Stars will fall from that single tail-flick, and a direction of
the world will disappear.

A pair of eyes began gleaming from within the darkness.

Han Sooyoung shuddered uncontrollably the moment she heard the violent howling
of a dragon.

"Kim Dokja\!\! Could this be...\!"

"It is."

"You crazy?\! If you wake that thing up again now-\!\!"

"We aren't planning to wake that guy up."

I looked at Yoo Sangah sitting in the lotus position in the corner while
focusing all of her mind on something. Sweat drops trickled down her forehead.

\['Wall that Decides Samsara' is maintaining the seal on the Apocalypse
Dragon.\]

As long as the successor of Sakyamuni was alive, the sealed Apocalypse Dragon
would never be summoned to this place.

The flustered Han Sooyoung asked me again. "T-then, what...?"

"Don't you get it?"

She looked up at the dragons falling from the sky with a dazed expression.

The 'Dragon's Festival' was a ceremony to decide the strongest dragon. And the
single dragon that managed to survive until the end would become the 'Final
Dragon of Revelation'.

Since when did it start? Han Sooyoung's left arm was trembling like crazy.

\[The new 'Final Dragon of Revelation' has been selected\!\]

Ku-ooooooohhh\!\!\!

Eventually, a massive dragon revealed itself through the destroyed ceiling of
the ark. It was so huge that it'd easily tear apart your regular giant star to
shreds.

Bewitching black flames were dancing on the jet-black, slick exterior that had
shed its last layer of skin.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', has incarnated into the 'Final
Ark'\!\]

"He's the Apocalypse Dragon now."


