### Chapter 547: Epilogue 5 - The Eternity and Epilogue, II

Now normally, you'd need around two years at most to complete the first draft
of a manuscript. However, there was no such leeway in this world-line.

 The system is losing its powers too quickly. If we miss this week, then I
fear that we won't have enough persuasive power to launch the ark.

In the end, Han Sooyoung decided to start the first wave of transmission after
finishing up the second part of the manuscript.

The companions grew excited after hearing about the news of the manuscript's
dispatch.

Yoo Sangah asked. "How will you transport the file? In a USB?"

"We'll prepare for various contingencies, but... Fundamentally, it needs to be
taken in the form of a Story," replied Han Sooyoung.

"Who will deliver it, though?"

"Obviously me."

"No can do. If Sooyoung-ssi leaves, who will look after Dokja-ssi of this
place if something happens to him?"

Even if he was only a shell, he was still Kim Dokja. If something strange
happened to him and Han Sooyoung possessing the Bureau's Story wasn't around,
his main body might crumble away.

Yoo Sangah continued on. "Let me go. I know the exact coordinates of the
world-line where Dokja-ssi has reincarnated."

But that only prompted Jung Heewon to try to dissuade her. "Sangah-ssi, you
need to defend this world, you know\! Let me go. Give me the coordinates."

"No way\! I'll go and meet hyung\!"

"I'm ahjussi's Incarnation, so obviously I should go\!"

"That's not right. I'm the foremost expert on all things related to the 'Demon
King of Salvation', so it should be me...\!"

Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung and even Jang Hayoung joined the fray, turning the
inside of the hall into pure chaos. Constellations and Incarnations were
arguing with each other, saying they should be the one to make the trip.

Yoo Sangah sighed while looking at them. "It's not as easy as you all think.
Everyone here is aware of how dangerous it is to cross a world-line, yes?"

"Well, yeah..."

"If the coordinate I traced is correct, then the world-line in question is
right at the outer-most edge of the universe."

"Outer-most edge?"

"Meaning, it's a world where 'scenarios' might not even exist."

No one knew what the world Kim Dokja had reincarnated into was like. It could
be fundamentally different from their Earth.

"The system's grace could get much weaker when you reach there. Which means,
the powers of both skills and Stigmata will naturally weaken, as well. The
length of the voyage will be quite an ask, too."

Anna Croft listening to the explanation nodded her head in agreement. She then
looked up at the ark currently performing a test flight up in the sky. "As the
vessel has been cobbled together as a single-seater, the equipment installed
on board isn't the greatest. Especially when you're crossing the Dark Stratum,
enduring the storm of aftermath will prove to be a massive challenge. Only the
person possessing a very powerful mind is qualified. One mistake, and you may
even end up as an 'Outer God', that's why."

The 'Outer God'  that term cast a dark shadow on the expressions of a handful
of the companions. They had recalled the sight of 'Hounds Chasing After the
Abyss' doggedly pursuing them, that's why.

Unfortunately, Anna Croft wasn't done with her explanation. "And there are far
too many world-lines where his soul has scattered to, as well. At the bare
minimum, you'll have to cross hundreds of thousands, maybe even millions, of
world-lines... Are you prepared for that eventuality?"

Hundreds of thousands. Even if you were to cross one world-line per day, the
trip might end up lasting for hundreds of years with that estimate. Even if it
was for Kim Dokja, could anyone be able to last that lengthy period of time
without losing their sanity?

"None of you are capable."

The man who could survive even when receiving the absolute minimum grace of
the system.

The man who would not lose himself even when swimming against the boundless
torrents of time.

And that's why, the man with the highest odds of succeeding in this mission
among the companions.

"I'll be the one to head out."

The ark's passenger had already been decided.

  

* * *

  

Eventually, the ark's date of departure had arrived.

Han Sooyoung observed Yoo Joonghyuk currently getting ready to disembark from
some distance away.

"I'm not putting on that thing."

"Supreme King, you must wear it. Don't forget that you're no longer the same
as your past self."

Now, this was a spectacle she would've liked to show to Kim Dokja of five
years ago. If he heard about how the prophet was trying to ensure the safety
of the regressor, just what would be the thoughts entering his mind?

"You're really becoming a bother."

"You might be saying that now, but this will definitely come in handy later
on. Being a Transcendent does not mean you're completely free from the
system's influences. Transcendents are existences validated only through their
opposition to the system. If the latter disappears, then the former's powers
will, of course, grow progressively weaker in turn."

Yoo Joonghyuk glared at Anna Croft with disapproving eyes, before putting on
the offered equipment one by one.

"This is a cumbersome attire for combat."

"You are not going there to fight, so it'll be fine."

Yoo Joonghyuk's new bloated appearance after putting on the spacesuit was
truly a sight to behold. Han Sooyoung began teasing him.

"That look really suits you."

"...You're being noisy."

"You should think this over. You really wanna do this?"

Even as the departure time crept ever closer, Han Sooyoung still didn't feel
confident at all.

Honestly speaking, maybe there was no reason to go this far.

The voyage about to take place this time was completely different from the
regression or jumping between the world-lines. They weren't trying to change
the past, nor were they trying to steal the right 'materials' to open the
\[Final Wall\] of the other world-line.

This voyage, in some ways, was much closer to a pilgrimage. One where he was
trying to commemorate that one person they had been searching for all this
time.

"Hand over the manuscript."

"Your manner of speech hasn't changed even though you stopped being a
regressor."

Han Sooyoung sighed and opened her right hand. The power of a Stigma she had
been developing until now was circling around the tip of her hand.

\[Stigma, 'Cloud System', is on stand-by.\]

This was a similar method to how \[The Fourth Wall\] handed the text files
over to Kim Dokja in the past.

The Stigma itself was evolved from her \[Predictive Plagiarism\] capable of
sending obtuse messages across the world-lines.

"It's possible for those possessing this Stigma to share the manuscript.
Coming back to Earth several times for the new versions will be too difficult
even for you, so I'll just keep sending you the manuscripts through the
cloud."

"Are you telling me to learn your unique Stigma? We don't have the time to..."

"Right, we don't have the time. But there is a way to learn it super fast. You
don't have a Constellation backer anymore, do you?"

Right away, Yoo Joonghyuk realized what Han Sooyoung was saying. "You fool,
are you really..."

"You think I'm enjoying the idea myself?"

While furrowing his brows, he accessed his attribute window. When his Stigma
\[Regression\] vanished, his Constellation sponsor had disappeared as well.

Sponsor: None

He was a completely free man.

"Are you suggesting that I take on someone weaker than me as my backer?"

"But I won against you the last time."

"I don't understand the rubbish you're spewing."

"What, you wanna have another go?"

Even though they didn't concede an inch and continued to bicker, they still
finished signing the \[Sponsor Contract\]. Both of them knew this was the most
optimum method available, that's why.

\[Constellation, 'Architect of the False Last Act', has become Incarnation
'Yoo Joonghyuk's Constellation backer\!\]

\[Incarnation, 'Yoo Joonghyuk', has inherited the Stigma, 'Cloud System'.\]

\[Two beings' imaginary cloud network have been connected\!\]

"I've never imagined that I'd live long enough to see the day like this one. I
wish I could tell that idiot Kim Dokja about this somehow," muttered Han
Sooyoung.

"Once I make my way back, I'll kill you first and cancel this ridiculous
contract."

"Try it if you can."

After their exchange came to an end there, they stared at each other for a
little while.

"Don't forget. You must not destroy the other world-line. You just have to
spread this story there. So that Kim Dokja of that world will get to read it,"
said Han Sooyoung.

"I know."

"Don't die."

"I'll be back soon."

He might never come back. Both of them knew that, but no one deliberately
tried to bring that point up. With the exception of one person, that was.

"Oppa." The tearful Yoo Mia held onto Yoo Joonghyuk's spacesuit. "You're
lying\! You aren't going to come back\! You can't, even if you wanted to\!"

"I won't abandon you and die."

As Yoo Mia continued to shed her tears, Han Sooyoung tightly held her
shoulders. Yoo Joonghyuk slowly lowered himself and matched his little
sister's eye line, then spoke in a gentle, loving tone of voice.

"I give you my word. I will definitely return."

As he turned around to leave, he sent Han Sooyoung a message.

 Look after Mia for me.

He didn't look behind once and climbed aboard the \[Final Ark\]. And when Anna
Croft gave her signal, the vessel's ignition was turned on.

The companions belatedly hearing about the news soon arrived and watched
everything unfold.

The ark slowly rose up to the sky. The voices of the companions wouldn't have
been able to enter the vessel's tightly-enclosed cockpit.

Lee Jihye breathlessly running over here looked up at the departing ark.

"Aren't you going to say goodbye?" Han Sooyoung asked her.

"If I do, I feel like it's going to be the last time I see him."

Despite saying that, Lee Jihye's eyes were brimming full of tears. Other
companions also looked up at the ark without saying anything.

Yoo Sangah broke the silence first. "Everything we wanted to say are in the
novel, anyway. I'm sure Joonghyuk-ssi will read it later on."

"What's the point of him reading it? Hyung reading it, that's all that
matters."

Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung, Jung Heewon, Lee Hyunsung, Jang Hayoung, Yoo
Sangah, Lee Seolhwa, Lee Sookyung, Gong Pildu. And then, the Constellations,
too. Everyone stood there and watched the ark leave.

Shin Yoosung asked. "Will Dokja ahjussi really read our story?"

That was uncertain. No one in existence would know that. This mission had high
odds of failure, and the odds of Yoo Joonghyuk coming back home empty-handed
were also very high.

And their story could disappear as mere cosmic dust in some distant universe.

The departing Yoo Joonghyuk should know about that, as well. Even then, he
chose to leave. He left, for his own sake. Maybe, also for other companions,
too.

"If it's Kim Dokja, he'll read it," replied Han Sooyoung.

At the very least, the people of this world would be able to carry on with
their lives while waiting for his news  waiting for Yoo Joonghyuk's return.

"He made a promise with me."

The ark's flames lit up as it reached towards the distant galaxy. The
companions endlessly looked on at the ark getting further away as if it was an
expedition ship sailing towards another world. A story written through their
lives was disappearing to a place forever out of their reach.

  

* * *

  

\[The 'Ark' is entering the atmosphere.\]

\[Waiting for the user Yoo Joonghyuk's destination input.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk inputted the coordinates of the world-line Yoo Sangah told him.
Even the coordinates of the next nearest world-line to it was incredibly far
away. Just as she said, that place might not have <Star Stream> there.

\[The dimensional acceleration will commence.\]

\[Portion of necessary energy will be substituted by the Coins.\]

Coins amassed in the other world-line were injected as the energy source of
the vessel. They had lost their value with the weakening of the system, but
still, they used to be the strongest Story in the world once upon a time.
Before long, the planet Earth could no longer be seen.

\[Entering the Dark Stratum to escape from the world-line.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk recalled what Yoo Sangah said.

 The world-line Dokja-ssi has reincarnated into is located very far away.
Meaning, I don't know how long it will take to get there if you leave the
world-line through the conventional means.

The world Kim Dokja had reincarnated into existed outside the 'Ways of
Survival'  a place that had completely escaped from this world-line's
influence.

 More than likely, you'll have to go through the 'doorway' that allows you to
leave this world-line.

How long passed by like this? Things resembling bubbles began appearing far
ahead of him. These bubbles of various hues expanded and contracted repeatedly
within the ominous currents. He even sensed this faint feeling of foreboding,
too. Yoo Joonghyuk knew what caused this feeling.

Tsu-chuchuchu...

The 'vice-king' of the 'Outer Gods', as well as the master of the dimensional
doorway between the world-lines. And the existence that opened the path to the
1863rd turn for Kim Dokja once upon a time. Yoo Joonghyuk unknowingly
swallowed back his own saliva. This thing before him possessed more than
enough power to make him nervous, the man who managed to clear the scenarios.

Y o u a r e... n o t t h e P l o t t e r.

A massive eye could be seen within the sea of foams. Yoo Joonghyuk increased
the speed of the ark, not even trying to dodge that eye. In order to get to
the world-line at the furthest edge of the universe, he simply had to go
through this path.

T h a t i s outside t h e story

"Doesn't matter. Step away, or I'll cut you down."

Yoo Joonghyuk aroused every bit of his Stories and pushed the ark forward. The
vice-king didn't try to stop him. However, it only spoke in a pitying, empty-
sounding tone of voice.

Oh, t h e o n e dreaming o f t h e dream's outside, y o u r dream c a n n o t
b e f u l f i l l e d.

The moment he collided with the doorway, the view before his eyes completely
distorted. He gritted his teeth and fought back against the storm pouncing on
him.

A violent storm of sparks began ravaging and devouring his entire body. He
endured the urge to scream as horrifying pain akin to his whole body breaking
apart took him over.

 There's one last thing I wanted to ask you about.

Han Sooyoung's voice trickled past inside his disoriented head.

 Why are you going so far to save Kim Dokja? You've lost many companions by
now already.

 Having lost many companions before doesn't mean you become accustomed to the
pain of loss. And also...

Explosions began going off inside the ark. Debris from the broken instruments
began floating away in the universe.

 ...I have something I need to ask that fool.

Yet another explosion resounded out, and an object pierced into Yoo
Joonghyuk's torso.

\[Failed to read the world-line's coordinates\!\]

\[Warning\! An error has occurred in the coordinate recognition device\!\]

\[An error has occurred in the interior temperature modulation device\!\]

...

...

\[An error has occurred in the ship's navigation system\!\]

Sparks exploding abruptly dominated Yoo Joonghyuk's entire body. His vision
was dyed in pure white, and his consciousness faded away.

By the time he managed to open his eyes, he was already lost in space.


