### Chapter 47: Ep. 10  Future War, V

After coming down from the theater, I headed straight to Myeongdong Station
with Lee Hyunsung and Yoo Sangah. Dongmyo Station was important but there was
something to be done first.

I killed the Myeongdong Representative and taken the flag so I had to hurry
and occupy the empty station.

Lee Hyunsung spoke in a worried tone.

"Is it okay with just us?"

"There won't be a fight. I will decide what to do with them. If I leave it
alone, they will die soon."

The 'wanderers' who lost their group would become prey to other groups if they
weren't lucky. Just like the Landlord Alliance members who left Chungmuro
Station.

But the moment we arrived at Myeongdong Station, we saw an unexpected sight.
The people in Myeongdong Station had already been hit by someone. It was also
very gruesome.

I saw a group of men standing near Myeongdong Station. The men were flustered
and quickly fled in the direction of Hoehyeong Station. It wasn't easy to
chase them because they had bikes.

It was as if they knew I was coming. There was more than one or two odd
things.

Lee Hyunsung asked, "Who are these people? What happened?"

"I'm not sure."

"Even Dokja-ssi doesn't know..."

Lee Hyunsung gulped nervously. Fortunately, the flag holder of Myeongdong
Station was empty.

\[Currently there is no group occupying Myeongdong Station.\]

\[Are you sure you want to take over the station?\]

I plugged the flag into the flag holder and pulled it out again. Then a flag
that was the same as mine appeared in the flag holder.

\[You have occupied Myeongdong Station.\]

\[A station that has been occupied can't be taken from you unless the 'main
base' or flag is taken away.\]

\[Currently Occupied: Chungmuro \(Main Base\), Myeongdong\]

\[The achievement points of the red flag are rising.\]

The red colour of the flag turned darker.

\[Your influence has expanded by taking over a new station.\]

\[The hidden scenario has arrived\!\]

\[The King's Road has begun\!\]

\[Hidden Scenario  King's Road\]

Category: Hidden

Difficulty: A

Clear Conditions: Take over a minimum of 10 stations within the time limit.

Time Limit: 10 days

Reward: The attribute of a 'king'.

Failure: If you can't take over a minimum of one station per day, you and your
group members will all die.

I finally arrived at the terrible hidden scenario. Once I started this quest,
I couldn't turn back. There were only two fates for a king.

Become a king or die.

\[The new king candidate has started to walk along his road\!\]

From now on, it was the full-fledge flag struggle.

  

* * *

  

I returned to Chungmuro, gathered the party members and told them about the
hidden scenario. Jung Heewon made an interested expression while Lee Hyunsung
looked confused. Yoo Sangah was as anxious as always.

"It sounds like a difficult scenario... Dokja-ssi, will it be okay?"

"It's okay."

An angel or a fool... In this situation, they were worried rather than jealous
about the hidden scenario.

Lee Hyunsung said, "I'm glad that Dokja-ssi is the king candidate."

"Thank you."

"Then should I call you Your Majesty?"

I was hit in the head by Jung Heewon after being touched by Lee Hyunsung's
serious words.

"I don't want that."

"Your Majesty, based on this hidden scenario, shouldn't we go occupy a new
station right away? You should think about the lives of your subjects." Jung
Heewon said sarcastically.

I nodded.

"I think we need to find out about the people who attacked us. I'll go
straight to Dongmyo. Jung Heewon-ssi and Lee Hyunsung-ssi, will you go with
me?"

Yoo Sangah raised her hand at my words.

"Then I..."

"Yoo Sangah-ssi will stay here."

"Ah, really... on the other hand, more..."

I listened to Yoo Sangah's voice and it sounded glum. Perhaps Yoo Sangah was
thinking that she was useless.

Her damage wasn't as strong as Jung Heewon and she didn't have a strong
physique like Lee Hyunsung. In addition, she didn't have a powerful trump card
like Gilyoung.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi."

"...Yes?"

All her previous 'specs' had become obsolete in this new world. But she was
too good to be jealous of other people. Thus, her inferiority complex was
quietly festering.

"Yoo Sangah, not everyone can do the same things well."

"Yes, I am aware of that." Yoo Sangah smiled weakly.

I spoke carefully so that she wouldn't feel it was an admonishment. "Do you
remember the words that you said on the subway? Dokja has a solo life and I
will..."

"I will have an ivory life. Yes, I remember. I wrote it on the notepad of my
smartphone."

Why did she look so elated? In any case, I couldn't hate it. I continued
speaking.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi has things to do here. I can't leave the unconscious Gilyoung
alone. I need someone to monitor Gong Pildu and to control the nervous group
members."

Yoo Sangah's eyes shook.

"Besides, the Hoehyeon forces must be kept in check. They might attack while
we're away. Gong Pildu is here but Yoo Sangah's Binding Thread might be
necessary."

"C-Can I do this role well...?"

Yoo Sangah spoke weakly because of her low self-esteem.

"Hey everyone. In that way... I will give Yoo Sangah-ssi a job position. What do
you think?"

Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon thought for a moment before nodding.

"Okay, I can trust it if it is Yoo Sangah."

"King... If you wish, then do so..."

I glared at Jung Heewon. Did she think that was funny right now?

\[You are using the unique permissions of a representative.\]

\[Chungmuro Station's representative, Kim Dokja is transferring some of his
authority to group member 'Yoo Sangah'.\]

\[Group member 'Yoo Sangah' has become the deputy of Chungmuro Station.\]

\[In the future, group member 'Yoo Sangah' can deal out punishments on behalf
of the representative.\]

Yoo Sangah looked at me with stunned eyes and stuttered. She looked terrified.

"G-Giving, giving this position to me..."

"I will leave it to Yoo Sangah-ssi."

I meant it. Once again, not everyone could do the same things well. Based on
what I remembered, Yoo Sangah would be appropriate for this.

Yoo Sangah was the best person in the human resources department, not someone
else.

"Oh...I'll do my best."

Yoo Sangah bowed before slowly raising her head. Tears could be seen in her
eyes.

  

* * *

  

We headed straight for the tunnel on the east side.

We had to pass three stops before arriving at Dongmyo. We moved with the
fainted Kang Ilhun. Honestly, taking this guy was a burden but I needed him to
identify the faces. When I looked back at Chungmuro, I could hear Yoo Sangah's
voice.

"Everyone, please gather\!"

As I expected, Yoo Sangah worked harder in the shadows. The people were
already organized and were receiving their orders. Sentries were set up and
people were put in charge of different areas. Some of the landlords said they
wouldn't listen to Yoo Sangah but...

\[Chungmuro Station's deputy, Yoo Sangah has used the punishment.\]

I vaguely heard someone moaning.

...Was this okay? Well, it should be fine.

Jung Heewon looked at my face and said, "Good job. I felt that Yoo Sangah had
been a bit depressed."

"I didn't select Yoo Sangah-ssi because I was thinking of her emotions. I
thought Yoo Sangah-ssi would do really well."

"...Ah, is that so? Then please me something later. It should fit me."

"How about an executioner?"

"...Forget it."

Jung Heewon grumbled and turned her head away. It was good after all the jokes
she played.

"But that gangster on the roof, is it okay to leave him?"

"Oh, you mean Yoo Joonghyuk?"

"I guess his name is similar."

"It will probably be fine."

"It sounds like you know him very well. What is it?

"That..." I thought for a moment before asking. "Heewon-ssi, do you have a
younger sibling?"

"...? Yes. Why?"

"A brother or a sister?"

"A brother."

"How old is he?"

"He is one year younger."

"How is it having a brother?"

"Annoying. He easily defies me and I had to take him to school instead of my
mother..."

Jung Heewon feel silent as she was complaining about her brother. She gazed
somewhere in the air. Then I asked her.

"But now you are worried about him right?

"Well... we are family."

"I am similar."

"Dokja-ssi also has a younger brother?"

"Nope, I'm talking about Yoo Joonghyuk."

"Ah..." Jung Heewon looked at me and nodded. "Then do you like or hate him?"

"I hate him. I fought with many people because of him."

I wasn't the only reader of Ways of Survival in the early days. Quite a few
people followed along out of curiosity up to the 10th chapter. There were also
12 readers at the 50th chapter.

There was a guy who liked Kim Namwoon... while I argued with him. I wonder if
any of the people who fought with me back then were alive. Maybe the people I
was going to catch now was one of them.

"You two, you seem to have become very close."

Lee Hyunsung interrupted and I suddenly realized I was walking too close to
Jung Heewon.

Jung Heewon smiled.

"Why, soldier ahjussi. Are you jealous?

"Hrmm. It isn't like that..."

Come to think of it, didn't Lee Hyunsung join the army right after going to a
male high school? I felt sorry for Lee Hyunsung when I thought about the
setting.

"It seems we have arrived at Dongdaemun History and Culture Park Station."

In fact, the entrance of Dongdaemun History and Culture Park Station could be
seen in the distance.

We nervously stuck to the tunnel wall and looked around. It was in case troops
were waiting. But this worry was pointless. Jung Heewon muttered.

"It is strange. There are no sentries."

The fact that there was no guards while Struggle for the Flag was ongoing
meant that the station had already been eaten by another group. Once we
confirmed this, we immediately approached the flag holder.

\[The station has already been occupied by 'Dongmyo Station'.\]

\[If you want to occupy the station, take the flag of Dongmyo Station or
occupy its flag holder.\]

It was as expected.

Then Kang Ilhun's body twitched. His body was shaking like he was having
seizures and his condition was strange. I released the thread blocking his
mouth and Kang Ilhun shouted.

"N-No...\!"

"...What's happening?"

"D-Dongdaemun... Dongdaemun Station...\!"

Saliva spilled from Kang Ilhun's mouth as he stuttered. I felt something and
unintentionally put a hand on his shoulder.

Then.

\[The character Kang Ilhun is now a wanderer.\]

It was evident that Kang Ilhun's affiliation to 'Dongdaemun' had changed. Jung
Heewon asked, "What is happening?"

"It seems that Dongdaemun Station has been taken over."

"...Huh?"

Suddenly everything made sense. Yes. The people who leaked the information had
this in mind.

"...A double trap."

They incited the Myeongdong Group and Dongdaemun Group to strike Chungmuro
because they knew the two groups would die in Chungmuro. While the main force
were gone, they wanted to take Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. The unidentified
people at Myeongdong Station probably also belonged to them.

But... how did they know we would win? They couldn't know about my presence. The
representative of Chungmuro Station in the third turn was originally...

...Ah right. That jerk. Was this what they aimed for?

I was certain. The Prophets who created this plan were surely...

At this moment, Lee Hyunsung reacted.

"People are coming."

A group of people were approaching from the Dongdaemun tunnel. On the surface,
they were a group with a considerably good weapons.

The items seemed to have an average of a C-grade or above. It wouldn't be easy
to arm them to this degree already... it was unbelievable power.

The man in the center of the group spoke to us first. The man had a slim build
and wore all types of items on his arms and neck.

"Eh, Kang Ilhun-ssi? Geez, you brought a needless load of crap to me."

Kang Ilhun was shaking and he fainted with foam around his mouth. I wondered,
perhaps this guy?

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

A moment later, amazing messages were heard.

\[The information of this person can't be read in 'Character List'.\]

\[This person isn't registered in 'Character List'.\]

Look at this?

The man looked at us. "Is there going to be a self-introduction? Or..."

The group of men simultaneously pulled out weapons.

I took the lead to reply. "We are from Chungmuro."

"Chungmuro?"

At this moment, sparks popped in the air.

\[Someone is using Explore Attribute on you.\]

\[The exclusive skill Fourth Wall has blocked Explore Attribute\!\]

The man stumbled like he had been shocked. He hesitated for a moment before
turning bewildered eyes towards me.

"...I'm sorry, what is your name?"

I glanced at Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung once. Then I smiled and said towards
the man. I spoke in my coldest and heaviest voice.

"I am Yoo Joonghyuk."


