### Chapter 513: Ep. 99 - The Oldest Dream, II

The subway train slowed down before coming to a stop before us, and then,
opened its doors.

There was no mistaking it. This was the subway we all recognised.

Jung Heewon's lips bobbed up and down before finally breaking the silence
first. "Why would a subway show up here...?"

Of course, no one here could answer that question.

The first one to make his move was Lee Gilyoung. Yoo Sangah shouted out.
"Gilyoung-ah\! You mustn't get on that t...\!"

The boy fearlessly stepped foot inside and climbed aboard the subway, and
turned around to look at us. As if nothing was going on, he shrugged his
shoulders.

Lee Jihye watched that spectacle, then grabbed Shin Yoosung's hand and stepped
forward as well. "I don't know anymore. Let's just get in first and see what's
what\!"

That was the beginning; other companions still hesitating entered the subway
one by one. I too followed after them.

The moment I set foot on the floor of the subway that trembled ever so
slightly, I was overcome with deja vu.

Once upon a time, this was all of Kim Dokja's world.

No, that was wrong. This was not my world.

This was everyone's and anyone's world.

For Yoo Sangah, Jung Heewon, Lee Hyunsung, and Lee Jihye, too... Everyone
carried their own, different expressions. Just like how I rode on this subway
and lived my daily life, it should roughly be the same story with them as
well.

Someone used to be an office worker, someone was a student, and someone used
to be a soldier, but still...

"A subway, is it... Back then, I was really fed up of riding it, but now, I'm
really happy to see it again."

Jung Heewon's words made us carefully scan the interior of the subway itself.

All the seats were brand new, while the safety bars were wiped clean, too. Not
even a hint of filth could be seen on the floor.

Of course, what proved to be even more surprising than that was...

"...By the way, why isn't anyone else riding in this thing?"

Not a single presence could be felt within the subway. This was a sterile,
inorganic space where nothing was alive besides us. This vehicle was permeated
with such a sense of abnormality.

I looked at the librarians remaining outside the subway and asked them.

"Aren't you joining us? You wanted to witness the end of the world too, didn't
you?"

\(We can't go with you.\)

"How come?"

Nirvana and the other librarians didn't answer. They exchanged somewhat
saddened gazes with each other, before finally making their reply.

\(You witnessing the end will be enough for...\)

\[The doors are closing.\]

The rest of their words couldn't be heard; the doors shut close, and
accompanied by the noises of a giant cartwheel turning, the subway began
chugging forward. Its speed was neither quick nor slow. And outside the
windows, we saw the view of the pitch-black darkness lazily shifting past us.

I gazed into that darkness for a long time. Just where was this train taking
us?

"It's the line number three."

Han Sooyoung muttered that out. I also looked up at the subway map.

The line number three. It was the line that I used to commute every day.
Strangely, though, the ends of the map were broken off. Even the names of the
stations were erased, as well.

...

Meanwhile, the subway continued to chug along. Several minutes passed by since
then, but it showed no signs of stopping. It seemed that this vehicle was
planning to run straight to its final stop without a break.

With a 'plop\!' noise, Han Sooyoung settled down on the cushion next to mine.
She glared at the subway map, her long eyelashes blinking constantly.

I asked her. "What's up with that expression?"

"I don't ride on stuff like subways."

"Why not?"

Almost immediately, I realized what a dumb question that was. For sure,
someone like her wouldn't have a need to ride on subways, anyway. What she
said next was completely out of my expectations, though.

"I mean, there's nothing to see here. Both inside and out."

We both stared at the broken subway map. Without a doubt, a subway train would
travel the exact same line every single day. It would then stop at the
predetermined time. Similar things would continue to happen within these
unchanging sceneries every day.

I also hated subways. I used to stare at the smartphone during commuting for a
similar reason to hers, too.

"Subways don't operate for our amusement, though."

"...Oh, my? Now that's not something the Constellation 'Demon King of Salvation'
would say."

I smiled bitterly.

We stared in the same direction next  at our companions. At the people who
endured the apocalypse with me, cleared 99 scenarios together, and reached
this place.

"...Mm. We won't suddenly go back to the first scenario or something like that,
right?"

"No, that can't be\! Definitely not\!"

"Should I ready some grasshoppers just in case?"

The companions saw Lee Gilyoung clenching his fist with a resolute expression,
and broke out in smirks.

What did it mean to find humour from the most horrifying memory they held?
With what kind of thoughts were they smiling at that story?

I spoke to Han Sooyoung. "They need to go back to their old lives."

"You think they'll be happier like that?"

"All stories are supposed to end that way."

"And since when did you start enjoying that sort of development?" Han Sooyoung
shot back with a retort. "Hey, you. You aren't thinking up of anything weird
again, right? Are you hiding something from me again?"

"I'd like to, but I've nothing to hide anymore."

I was being honest. Even the original novel never reached this far. It was the
same story for the 'Secretive Plotter' or the other individuals from the 999th
turn. We were the first to ride on this subway.

I spoke up while looking at the end of the faintly-erased subway map.

"Han Sooyoung, I think..."

"Could it be that a final boss is waiting for us there? Isn't that how it
normally is?"

Jung Heewon said that. She wasn't talking to me, however. It seemed that the
companions were busy discussing something over there. Shin Yoosung added her
opinion.

"Maybe there's a dragon this big."

"But, I don't think a Modifier like the 'Oldest Dream' would get assigned to a
dragon. To get a Modifier like that, it must be..."

"Couldn't it be the 'author'?"

"The author?"

"You know, that..."

When Lee Gilyoung saying that shifted his gaze in my direction, the other
companions seemed to abruptly recall 'it' too, and all turned their heads
towards me.

Three Ways to Survive a Destroyed World.

They also knew about that novel now. They knew that that novel described the
stories of this world, and that only I had read it to its conclusion.

"...What do you think, Dokja-ssi?"

Every novel out there couldn't become 'stories' unless a writer wrote them
down first. The suspicion my companions held some weight if this world was
based off on the 'Ways of Survival'.

For sure, there was a good chance that the 'Oldest Dream' was the writer. I
too thought that way.

However, why do I...

"...I don't think the 'Oldest Dream' is the author of the 'Ways of Survival'."

"Why do you think that?"

"I'm not sure, but I have a hunch."

To me, the being at the end of this line didn't seem like it'd be 'tls123'. I
recalled what the Dokkaebi King said back then.

\[Rather than an author, you could say that the 'Oldest Dream' is much closer
to being a reader. It's not an existence that writes stories for someone else.
It's lazy and can be quite greedy.\]

I even began questioning whether an 'author' was necessary in our current
hypothesis. Did this world really begin because of tls123?

Maybe tls123 simply alerted me to the already-existing world, instead?

Just like how the 'Secretive Plotter' or the other individuals from the 999th
turn existed even though they weren't recorded in the pages...

"Now that I think about, I'm curious. Dokja-ssi, how did you stumble across
that novel in the first place?"

"Ahh, I was also curious about that."

Yoo Joonghyuk disinterestedly polishing the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]
shifted his gaze towards me when that topic was brought up. Jang Hayoung asked
as her eyes sparkled.

"Was it like some kind of a fateful attraction?"

"I also know something about such a feeling\! The first time I held a grenade
back when I was a private, I...\!"

"I just came across it while browsing the net, actually."

Companions seemed to be disappointed by my reply. But, nothing could be done
about that, because it's true. Han Sooyoung then retorted back.

"What did you search for exactly, to find such a crappy novel?"

"That is..."

I couldn't remember it all that well now.

Lee Jihye shrugged her shoulders. "Oh, well. It's not that important now,
right? The only thing that matters is that ahjussi did read that novel
somehow."

"That's right. What would've happened if Dokja-ssi didn't read that novel?"

I looked at Yoo Sangah grinning brightly and shut my mouth tightly.

I didn't deserve to hear those words.

In the end, stars fell and the world came to a stop.

We were marching towards a conclusion no one in the 'Ways of Survival' managed
to reach, but there was no guarantee that what I wanted was waiting at the end
of the line.

I too had no knowledge of the things about to happen from now on.

What if it was someone else who read that novel to its end?

There were better-suited people than me here. The righteous Jung Heewon, the
trusty Lee Hyunsung, the straight-shooter Yoo Sangah, they should've been the
one to read the novel. If that happened, maybe the world would've ended up in
a far better shape than this.

"Thank you, ahjussi. For reading that novel."

Shin Yoosung matched my eye level and was now smiling.

"That's right. I heard that novel was really boring, too. If it really wasn't
for Dokja-ssi..."

"If it was me, I probably couldn't get past the first page. I really hate
books, you know?"

"I tried to read a couple of books back inside the <Oz>'s military library,
but... As expected, me and reading were not really a..."

While looking at Lee Hyunsung scratching his head, I somehow managed to force
my mouth shut.

Because the 'Ways of Survival' existed, the people before me existed, too. And
because I read that novel, I was able to save them from the dangers.

"I..."

I, someone of no redeeming quality, could be loved by the others.

"Because of the Stories you taught me, I managed to get this far, hyung."

The kids' small hands were tightly holding onto mine.

I slowly raised my head, and saw the darkness of the subway streaming by. And
the Stories we lived through were passing us by within that darkness.

We silently observed those Stories. They were as beautiful as the Milky Way in
the wintery night sky, yet just as futile as the fireworks going off. Stories
that none among us could forget, but we'd do so eventually. Jung Heewon opened
her mouth.

"...Dokja-ssi. I think it's fine to ask this now, so..."

I knew already what she wanted to ask me.

"What exactly is the 'conclusion' you want to see, Dokja-ssi?"

No Constellations were looking at us now. Even <Star Stream> that ruled over
the world no longer existed. So, there was no reason to... not tell them.

"I've already... seen one of them."

I carefully peered into the faces of all my companions. No sentences floated
up on their expressions. Even then, I could tell what the conclusion I wanted
to see from their faces.

"And the other one is to repay my debt."

"Your debt?"

I shifted my head to discover Yoo Joonghyuk glaring at me.

Ku-gugugu...

Along with the dull vibration, the train's speed began to decrease little by
little.

We slowly got up from our seats. Once-noisy companions began speaking less and
less. Nervousness was filling up their expressions.

I slowly approached the exit. Jung Heewon stood to my left, while Yoo
Joonghyuk was on my right.

The Stories passing by in the darkness were slowing down.

It wasn't just our story existing out there, however.

There was the 0th turn, then the first turn.

Also, the second, and the third turns, too.

And that's how 1864 regression cycles have gathered, and in turn, opened up
this world.

Countless Yoo Joonghyuks lived through those turns. Although none of them
lived the right way, not one could be called wrong, too.

The world was far too cruel a place to debate the ethics of life, and the
volume of despair was far too great to tell the tale of hope. However, Yoo
Joonghyuk remained resolute because he didn't try to justify himself.

His sole desire to see the end of this world.

I too carried that same desire.

That was the dream of 1865 Yoo Joonghyuks existing from the 0th to the 1864th
regression turns, and the end of the world that I wanted, too.

"...It's really been long. Wasn't it?"

Yoo Joonghyuk shot back, as if to question what the hell I was even saying
here. "It's only been four years, Kim Dokja. Compared to the time I
experienced, it's..."

"Right."

Four years. That was how long we had been fighting together.

"Four years that felt like a lifetime."

When I said that, Jung Heewon to my left lightly poked me with her sword's
hilt.

"We'll still stick together from now on too, so why do you sound so grimly
determined? Don't worry. No matter what kind of a monster is waiting for us,
I'll finish it off."

I gently smiled. Meanwhile, the subway was slowing down even further.

My reflection could be seen in the black window of the exit door. There was a
splatter of blood on my cheek reflected on the glass. I wiped it off my face.
And then, my mood cooled down.

The blood was really on my cheek, and not on the window.

"Doors are opening\!"

Along with Lee Hyunsung's cry, everyone got ready to fight.

"...Huh?"

However, contrary to everyone's nervousness, what greeted us was a rather
empty subway platform. Sure, there were a few people walking around in the
surroundings, but none of them paid us much attention.

"What's this, there's no..."

Jung Heewon muttered that out, and as we stepped onto the platform, I was
overcome with an ominous foreboding. There it was, the unfamiliar sense of
reality touching my feet. Faint sparks, along with every single one of my
Stories, were pointing in a certain direction.

Someone was sitting on the subway's bench.

A thick school bag filled with textbooks, as if its owner had left school not
too long ago. A thin, small-statured child who might have passed off as an
elementary schooler were it not for his school uniform, was sitting on that
bench.

As if he was trying to memorise English words, he was busy scribbling
something like a chart on his notebook.

As the pulsing migraine assaulted me, I somehow managed to lift my unmoving
feet.

Kim Dokja made a promise. To end the culprit who made this world. No matter
what that existence was.

Maybe, he was struck by someone somewhere? There was a big bruising on the
kid's pale arm. A bruising that I could more or less figure out where he got
it from. All strength left my legs and I couldn't move anymore.

Time isn't moving because not reading and not imagining.

I did think that all of this could be a dream, a lie. I even believed that
this was a dream the evil <Star Stream> had created.

But now, I couldn't deny it anymore.

All of my senses were telling me the truth; they said that that child was the
culprit behind all these scenarios.

Y ou we re al rea dy ex pec ting this di dn't you Kim Dok ja.

The Oldest Dream. The world's most omniscient yet powerless god.

\['The Fourth Wall's' influence is getting weaker.\]

Kim Dok...

\['The Fourth Wall's' influence is getting extremely weak.\]

I thought I heard something fall to the floor, and I saw Jung Heewon's sword
rolling around on the ground.

"Ah, ah..."

She was now looking at me. She was looking at the child, then back at me. Her
eyes were filling up with despair.

As if she couldn't believe this. As if she'd prefer that this whole thing
turned out to be a lie.

\[The promise with the 'Secretive Plotter' is activating.\]

I opened my mouth only to close it several times. Maybe, this might be my
punishment. It might very well be the time to pay the price for the salvation
I received.

\[You have promised to destroy <Star Stream>.\]

\[<Star Stream> will not be destroyed unless the 'Oldest Dream' is ended.\]

I now stared at the child.

At the child with the exact same face as mine.

And the boy slowly raised his head to look back at me.

\[Please end the 'Oldest Dream'.\]


