### Chapter 43: Ep. 10  Future War, I

\[Main Scenario \#3  Emergency Defense has ended.\]

\[You have obtained 1,000 coins as compensation.\]

The main scenario, which was supposed to begin only after the sun had risen,
actually started less than 10 minutes after the third main scenario was over.

\[The fourth main scenario is about to begin\!\]

Damn, how long had it been since the third scenario ended...

I went straight to Lee Jihye.

"You take Yoo Joonghyuk."

"...Can I do that?"

"You can't go downstairs now anyway. It will be a problem for when he wakes
up."

Lee Jihye nodded as she looked at Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Please inform me when he wakes up. I want to give him another hit in the
back."

I headed downstairs with Jung Heewon. I carried Lee Gilyoung, who had
completely fallen asleep after the meteor shower.

The dungeon disappeared and it turned into an ordinary theatre. The items in
the rewards room on the 5th floor were turned into ordinary stage props. It
was as if everything that happened yesterday was a dream.

Then Bihyung's voice was heard.

\[...Do you know what I am going to say?\]

'Yes'.

\[Sigh...I nearly fell down.\]

I felt a little relieved as I listened to Bihyung's grumbles.

The constellations were powerful but they weren't omniscient. It was because
all the sounds and images of the scenario were transmitted through the
'channel'. What did this mean?

'Was it filtered properly? I was too excited that I said too much'.

\[Of course it was. Is there something wrong with my channel? That level of
information is automatically filtered.\]

If my thoughts were correct, the words I said to Yoo Joonghyuk would be
conveyed to the constellations in the following way.

Do you really think so? You have already forgotten the determination of your
 attempt.

Why are you alone? When you  like a fool in the , when you cried
over your \! When your loved one gave  to a \!

Helping people and fighting against the damn \! When you finally 
before the \!"

In fact, I didn't know how much filtering there was.

It might be more than this, but it wouldn't be weak. In the original work, Yoo
Joonghyuk experienced information being blocked this way at the beginning,
even when information about 'regressors' was spreading.

\[Constellations didn't hear anything. Don't worry. The problem is that even I
didn't hear much.\]

'...You didn't hear it?'

This was a bit odd. The dokkaebi also couldn't hear the information?

\[Yes, that's right. What were you talking about?\]

Information that even the dokkaebi didn't know. I had one guess. Perhaps... the
constraints of 'probability' had begun? I naturally came up with something
from Ways of Survival.

 'Probability' is a great deterrent that controls the Star Stream. 

...I was reminded of it but it didn't help me straight away. One of the reasons
why Ways of Survival was ruined was that there were too many settings the
writer didn't know well.

'What is the reaction among the constellations?'

\[They are fed up. There is still an uproar about what you were talking
about.\]

I guess so. The constellations experienced a filter and the movie suddenly
changed into a silent movie.

If they were smart, they should start paying attention to the possibilities I
had. The fact that my words were filtered meant I knew information that
shouldn't be revealed at the present time.

\[A few constellations are watching you to explore your secrets.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is excited by your existence.\]

\[2,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

I thought Bihyung had forgotten.

\[I received so many indirect messages that I didn't send them to you. Do you
understand?\]

'Do so in the future. I only want messages about coins'.

\[...Am I your manager?\]

The figure of Bihyung disappeared. I thought he was becoming cuter over time.
One thing was finished and the other...

"Dokja-ssi, is it hard? I'll carry Gilyoung."

"Ah, it would be appreciated."

I handed Lee Gilyoung to Jung Heewon. Her face looked somewhat serious. I
hesitated for a moment before opening my mouth.

"Heewon-ssi."

"Huh?"

"What are you worried about?"

"No, just..." Jung Heewon hesitated for a moment before sighing. "Hah... okay. It
isn't in my nature to keep it in."

Indeed.

Jung Heewon got directly to the point.

"What is Dokja-ssi's identity?"

"...Did you hear something earlier?"

"A little bit."

I thought she wouldn't hear it because we were quite far away. Unfortunately,
she heard something. Jung Heewon was closer than Lee Jihye and no human-to-
human filtering is possible...

Lee Gilyoung let out a loud snoring noise. I decided to be half honest.

"I know part of the future."

"Really?"

"Yes."

Jung Heewon thought about something for a while. She seemed to be wondering if
my words were true or not. Then Jung Heewon seemed to have decided as she bit
her lips.

"Do Yoo Sangah and Lee Hyunsung know?"

"They don't know yet."

I answered in earnest and Jung Heewon stepped away from me with Lee Gilyoung.

"...Surely you aren't going to kill me?"

'What are you talking about?"

"Normally, a development like 'You know too much about me' will occur..."

Where did this normal development come from? Somehow I seemed to be a bad
person.

"I don't know what the normal development is but I would've already killed
Heewon-ssi if I wanted to."

"Actually, that is a bit weird."

"...I don't have bad thoughts. It is actually the opposite."

"The opposite?"

I looked into Jung Heewon's eyes and said.

"The future scenarios will be more dangerous. You might almost die many times
and might lose preciouse things.

"...So?"

"So..."

I looked into Jung Heewon's increasingly nervous eyes and said.

"Please stay with me from now on."

"...What do you mean?"

"It means to be my companion."

It was time to make my people. 'Trustworthy people' who wouldn't easily betray
me.

Jung Heewon, who I helped awaken and could read her mind, was the most
suitable talent. Jung Heewon looked blank for a moment.

"Dokja-ssi didn't consider me a companion before?"

"It is actually the opposite. I'm not the one who doesn't think of you as a
companion."

Jung Heewon's eyes shook.

I deliberately took a step back.

"If you don't want to be companions, think of it as a deal. I need Heewon's
strength and my information will be helpful to Heewon-ssi. It is give and
take. The important thing is that our relationship won't change in the
future."

"It is a bit abrupt... Do I have to answer now?"

"No."

For a person like Jung Heewon, a leisurely approach was better than a hasty
and emotional one. In fact, Jung Heewon's expression wasn't bad.

\[The character 'Jung Heewon' is relieved at your honesty.\]

\[The character 'Jung Heewon' is seriously thinking about your proposal.\]

Maybe it wouldn't be long. I had a big influence on Jung Heewon's awakening
event and my presence would be deeply stamped in her subconscious.

Perhaps when this scenario was over, the second Sponsor Selection would begin.
Then Jung Heewon would gain a sponsor. The real power of Jung Heewon would be
shown from then on.

"Then can I ask you something?"

"Yes."

"Do you know what I am doing in the future?"

I looked up. Wouldn't this be filtered?

"I also don't know."

"...Huh?"

"There is no Jung Heewon in the future that I know."

"What..."

"That's why this deal is really necessary for Heewon-ssi."

Jung Heewon's eyes widened.

Jung Heewon wasn't in the original book. She was a variable that I raised
directly. Her attribute was good enough and if she got a proper sponsor, she
would play a key role in changing future scenarios. Especially if I fought
against people with 'other variables' that I didn't know.

Then a loud noise was heard from downstairs.

"Think about it. Let's hurry."

We descended to the platform where many people were putting pressure on a
small group.

I understood the situation. The Landlord Alliance. They were still like this.

"Where did that bastard Kim Dokja go? Tell me quickly."

Looking closer, I saw that the Landlord Alliance were harassing Lee Hyunsung.
I deliberately walked towards them and spoke in a loud voice.

"Yoo Sangah-ssi, Lee Hyunsung-ssi."

"You\!"

An alliance member cried out as soon as I came down to the platform of Line 4.

I saw a familiar landlord uncle. The evidence of the fierce battle remained on
the bastard's body. At first glance, I could tell that his overall stats had
risen sharply. I liked it.

"Gong Pildu."

Gong Pildu used Armed Zone and eight turrets rose. The alliance members
centered around Gong Pildu looked at me. They didn't know the person who saved
them.

"This jerk...\!"

The moment Gong Pildu was about to say something. There was an electric
current in the air.

\[The fourth main scenario will start in 5 minutes\!\]

Along with the system message, Dokkaebi Bihyung appeared.

\[Hahaha, everyone\! Have you been well?\]

People's expressions stiffened at this nasty guy's face.

\[It looks like you are all restless\!\]

"W-What is it now?"

\[Of course I came because of the announcement for the fourth scenario.\]

"This is shit..."

\[Now now, don't act like that. Don't you know I go after the first person who
complains? The fourth main scenario has to do with the other stations. A
fairly exciting story is waiting for you. I'm sure you will be satisfied\!\]

Everyone's complexions darkened as they heard about other stations.

Chungmuro alone was this bad. It was obvious how much trouble there would be
if other stations were involved. Bihyung laughed.

\[By the way, in order to proceed with this scenario, you have to perform
another task first. Won't it be a mess if the number of people increases?
Therefore, you need a presence to lead you. In other words, there must be a
station representative\!\]

Representative. It was finally starting.

\[From now on, we will play a 'skirmish'.\] It could be called a warm-up game.
The rules of the game... well, you will see\!\]

Bihyung smiled and disappeared, while a message window popped up in front of
everyone.

\[The sub scenario has arrived\!\]

\[Sub Scenario  Elect a Representative\]

Category: Sub

Difficulty: C

Clear Conditions: Take the 'white flag' installed in the center of the
platform.

Time Limit: 30 minutes

Compensation: 1,000 coins, Chungmuro's representative.

Failure: 

\* The representative of the station can exercise strong control over the
members.

Before the message window fully popped up, Gong Pildu was already running to
the flag in the center of the platform. He truly was like a ghost.

"Everybody get out of the way\!"

Gong Pildu pushed people like a runaway locomotive and was in the lead to get
the white flag. This couldn't happen. The moment his fingertips were about to
reach the flag, I opened my mouth.

"Gong Pildu, down\!"

\[Under the terms of the contract, 'Command Rights' is activated\!\]

"Waaack\!"

I stepped on the back of the collapsed Gong Pildu and took the white flag.

\[You have pulled the white flag from the flagpole.\]

\[You have become the 'representative' of Chungmuro.\]

\[You are qualified to walk the 'King's Road'.\]


