### Chapter 178: Ep. 33 - Reading Again, IX

I held onto Unbroken Faith. My muscles expanded from the powerful stories. It
was like a dragon's blood was flowing through my heart.

\[Move while the force is building up. We have to make a gap.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk came forward first.

"I will buy as much time as possible."

The movements of the tentacles were more active than before and the ground was
almost in ruins. We tried to move this guy as far away from the party members
as possible.

"Haaaaap\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk raised his magic power and moved forward. Meanwhile, I moved
behind the Devourer of Dreams. It was to find a place where I could hurt the
main body as much as possible without hitting the tentacles. The body was at
least one kilometer in diameter so it was a hard job to find the weak spot.

In the meantime, Cheok Jungyeong built up his strength. The one sword and two
swords were powerful enough but they couldn't be compared to the huge force
building in my right arm.

It was doubtful if this was really the power of a historical-grade
constellation.

\[...Damn, this is the limit for this body. This much is possible with the
support of the probability.\]

Cheok Jungyeong grumbled as the accumulation of power almost finished.

\[Don't be too elated. I don't know if I can cut all the tentacles and hurt
the body with this much strength.\]

"I guess. The opponent is an outer god after all. Do you have a plan?" I asked
with a bit of expectation. He spoke so confidently that I thought Cheok
Jungyeong had a countermeasure.

Cheok Jungyeong thought for a moment before replying, \[I will hit him with
the Three Sword Style and hope he is tired enough to go back.\]

"...Didn't you say you would protect me?"

\[I will protect you. I promised in my name.\]

"The strongest person on the Korean Peninsula is relying on luck in this
situation?"

I flinched at the magic power that exploded from Unbroken Faith. Was he angry?
However, Cheok Jungyeong calmed down.

\[I know the 'Demon of the Horizon'.\]

The Demon of the Horizon. I heard this name and glanced at Yoo Joonghyuk, who
was still fighting.

He didn't seem able to listen in on our conversation. Cheok Jungyeong
continued speaking.

\[I will ask him to send you to another world. There is no time limit on the
ninth scenario. If you flee there, you will be able to live for a while. Of
course, you will have to take care of things after that.\]

"What type of demon has that power?"

\[Rather than a demon... he is closer to a god. You don't need to know the
details. You would be better off praying not to meet him.\]

I didn't know the relationship between Cheok Jungyeong and the Demon of the
Horizon...

I pretended differently but I knew that name. It was because the Demon of the
Horizon was the existence who sent Shin Yoosung of the 41st regression here
and who supplied the 'disasters' to the dokkaebis.

I wasn't sure how Cheok Jungyeong knew the Demon of the Horizon but perhaps he
was the one who helped when Cheok Jungyeong was exiled from the scenario.

"Can other people escape this way?"

\[Such a large amount of probability isn't allowed. The dokkaebis also won't
allow it.\]

"But once this happens... all the people left here will die."

If I ran away, the people here would be swallowed up by the Devourer of Dreams
and have their stories swallowed. Cheok Jungyeong clicked his tongue.

\[That isn't any of my business. Don't worry about the others. Take care of
your own life. Life is about being alone anyway.\]

As expected of Cheok Jungyeong. His life philosophy was very pessimistic due
to his life of betrayal.

\[A gap\! Run\!\]

I used Electrification and flew forward with all my speed at Cheok Jungyeong's
sudden shout.

I passed through two or three tentacles but there were still five or six
blocking the way. It was dangerous to get closer. There was the place where I
should stop.

"Goryeo's First Sword. I have an idea."

\[An idea? What is it? Concentrate instead of speaking nonsense\!\]

"To be honest, it is impossible to kill him with the Three Sword Style. You
should already know it."

The ground that the tentacles touched subsided. It would be instant death if I
was touched, no matter Cheok Jungyeong's defense.

However, Cheok Jungyeong's pressure would kill me before the tentacles. I
shouted as Cheok Jungyeong's power pressed down on me. "I'm not saying this to
provoke you. Just think about it realistically\!"

Cheok Jungyeong's pressure decreased at my words.

\[...So? Do you have a way to beat that guy?\]

"I do. If you help, perhaps I can kill the outer god."

Cheok Jungyeong laughed in a dumbfounded manner.

\[Kill the outer god? Do you know what you're saying right now? This is an
outer god. It would be hard even for those damn Olympus and Vedas guys.\]

"There is no way I would say this if it was another god. However, the Devourer
of Dreams... it might be possible."

\[...I am listening. What is the method?\]

"Hurt his body and throw me into it."

Cheok Jungyeong was confused and at a loss for words. The giant tentacles were
coming once again.

\[If you do that, you will die. You won't survive being eaten by him. Didn't
you hear the words of that good-looking guy before? Once you are eaten by
him\]

"I will survive."

I was convinced as I listened to him.

I was certain that I could survive being eaten by this outer god. No
constellation, let alone a mortal, could feel this conviction. Cheok Jungyeong
trembled as if he was incensed and opened his mouth.

\[...Is there something you can do?\]

"I can't say it is 100%."

I might be able to get help from the Demon of the Horizon through Cheok
Jungyeong. Yet there would be nothing left for me if I survived alone. Escape
was a denial of everything I had built up so far.

Thus, I chose this approach.

\[Kuhuk...\]

The silent Cheok Jungyeong suddenly gave a huge laugh. It was a laugh that
seemed to fill the plains.

\[I lived long enough to see the day. The day when a man like you believes he
can fight against that god.\]

Finally, the upper body of the Devourer of Dreams started to be summoned.

The first eye that watched the world was revealed. As soon as the gaze of the
Devourer of Dreams touched on the ground, the sensation filled me with more
trepidation than I had ever felt.

If I fought this thing, I would die. No matter what I did, I couldn't win
against it. Cheok Jungyeong sighed.

\[Stupid constellation.\]

"Yes."

\[I like you. So don't die.\]

I nodded and ran. The mountain of tentacles soared into the sky. I used
Electrification and there was a blue-white trail everywhere I passed.

\[Come, outer god\!\]

Cheok Jungyeong gripped the sword in my hand. All of Cheok Jungyeong's stories
were gathered and the Three Sword Style was expressed.

\[I, Cheok Jungyeong, will cut you\!\}

The ether blade increased.

The blade that was 10 meters long increased to 20 meters. The blade that was
20 meters long increased to 30 meters.

The power that transcended my magic power and my story was falling down here.

Three Sword Style, Three Sword Ocean Chop.

I knew it the moment I drew the sword. This...

In my head, I saw Cheok Jungyeong standing in front of the sea. Cheok
Jungyeong watched the sea from dawn to dusk.

All the years of watching the sea, looking at the distant horizon until he saw
the 'target'.

It was one line that distorted the balance of time and space. The waves split
apart and the waters had the illusion of splitting.

This was a sword made to cut the sea.

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' admires the power of Goryeo's First
Sword\!\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' admires the power of the pure
human constellation\!\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' shows great interest in
Goryeo's First Sword\!\]

The air exploded and all sound was swallowed. I swung my sword despite feeling
like my body was going through a blender.

One sword, two swords, three swords. After wielding three swords, the fuse of
my consciousness was completely broken.

Really, just wait a moment.

\[...Up\!\]

Then Cheok Jungyeong called out to me.

\[Wake up\! Stupid constellation\!\]

I barely managed to open my eyes and saw a few strands of tentacles floating
in the air. However, the tentacles were no longer what I remembered. Seven of
the twelve tentacles had been cut apart and fell to the ground.

Cheok Jungyeong was a historical-grade constellation. He cut half of the
tentacles with his own strength. Nevertheless, Cheok Jungyeong spoke like he
was angry.

\[...I couldn't cause a deep wound because of lacking strength. I couldn't cut
him with the sword that cuts the sea.\]

"No, this is enough. It is enough for success."

Cheok Jungyeong was successful. Beyond the tentacles, there was a huge
horizontal scar on the main body. The Three Sword Style had cut off the
tentacles and wounded the main body.

It was a small wound compared to the size of the guy but it was wide enough
for me to enter. A pained cry burst out from the Devourer of Dreams.

I had to run over there. I had to do it right now. Before his wound healed, I
must enter the wound. This was the way to end this scenario.

\[The nebula 'Vedas' is ridiculing your adversity.\]

Dammit, I wanted to deal a blow to those damn nebulae. By the way...

\[The nebula 'Papyrus' is toasting your scenario.\]

My legs didn't move. No matter how much strength I used, my legs wouldn't
budge. No, I couldn't even feel my strength.

What...

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is looking at you with sad
eyes.\]

I looked down and realized the state I was in. I couldn't see anything below
my knees.

My lower legs had disappeared like it had been cut by something. Blood
constantly flowed from the cut sections. It was probably the world of the
tentacles while I was using the Three Sword Style.

Dammit. I was almost there yet a situation like this occurred.

In the meantime, the duration of Electrification ended. Little by little, the
injury on the god was healing. It wasn't a distance I couldn't cross in the
state where I lost my lower legs.

"Kim Dokja."

I turned my head and saw the bloody Yoo Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk staggered to
me, grabbed me by the collar and lifted me onto his shoulders.

He looked at the wound on the god and asked, "I have to throw you over there?"

"...Can you do it?"

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. He just showed it with his actions. Yoo Joonghyuk
jumped onto what seemed like stairs in the air.

He stepped on the tentacles while using Air Steps. I could hear a slight
creaking sound from Yoo Joonghyuk's body. His body was already at the limit.
Even so, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't give up.

He climbed and climbed again. Soon afterwards, the distant wind soaked my
cheeks.

Yoo Joonghyuk stopped his magic power and paused. I looked up and the wound on
the god was right in front of me.

Despite the lack of time, Yoo Joonghyuk hesitated. He hesitated while holding
tightly to my collar. "...We don't have to hold another funeral, right?"

I smiled because of Yoo Joonghyuk's question. "Even if I die, I will rise
again."

"That isn't what I mean."

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression was serious. A high wind blew between me and Yoo
Joonghyuk.

I looked at him for a moment before asking, "Do you remember the second
scenario?"

The subway of Oksu Station. It was where Yoo Joonghyuk first appeared after
smashing everything. He was a cold-blooded regressor who would use whatever
means necessary for the results.

Yoo Joonghyuk's calm eyes shook at my words.

Who would've known at the time? Me and this guy, we would actually end up as
companions. I hadn't wanted to admit it but now I had to. The things that
hadn't seemed possible became reality. I was actually going through the
scenarios with him.

That's why I could now say it. Just like I did when I first met him on Han
River Bridge. This was the way that suited us best.

"Release your hand and get lost, you damn son of a bitch."


