### Chapter 371: Ep. 70 - A story that can't be shared, III

As soon as she opened her eyes, Han Sooyoung spat out a mouthful of blood.

Only after the black-coloured blood filled up the ground in a rather large
quantity did she finally regain her wits. The first thing she saw was the
dense forest. It wasn't the location where she'd been fighting against Yoo
Joonghyuk just now.

"I really almost died back there. Yoo Joonghyuk, you son of a bitch..."

If she hadn't transferred her memories to a dummy Avatar on standby at the
very last moment, she'd have died for real.

\[You have exhausted today's allotment for the authorisation of 'Memory
Transfer'.\]

\[From now on, the applicable Avatar will act as your true body.\]

She'd been expecting something like this to happen.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', is hesitantly carrying on with its
storytelling.\]

Han Sooyoung got to clearly witness several 'scenes' through this Story called
Predictive Plagiarism, the one she earned after experiencing that mysterious
dream.

Such as, the various futures that would change according to the choices she'd
make  Kim Dokja's death, or maybe, even Yoo Joonghyuk's death. And then, the
sole future where both of those terrible choices could be avoided altogether.

\[Due to the penalty of 'Memory Transfer', your physical abilities will be
weakened significantly.\]

"I swear, if either one of them is dead, then I...\!"

Han Sooyoung complained unhappily to herself and tried to sense the waves of
magical energy from the surroundings. She still needed to locate the direction
where those two were.

Not too long afterwards, her senses picked up on two rather enormous Statuses.
She quickly ran in that direction.

Out of all the futures she read, this was the 'only one that worked out fine'.
Kim Dokja didn't die, and for the first time ever, those two idiots would get
to share a proper conversation.

That's what Han Sooyoung's \[Predictive Plagiarism\] had predicted, and that
was why she didn't try to dodge Yoo Joonghyuk's sword at the last second. So,
Kim Dokja should definitely be alive.

It was around here that she heard the sound of a sword clashing against
something else.

'...Are they still fighting?

These idiots, I even died so that you two could talk to each other, but this...'

She figured that she really needed to give these two men a harsh earful when
she arrived there. But, when she pushed past the bushes and stepped forward,
the ensuing spectacle freaked her out in a rather grand manner.

Kwa-aaang\!\! Bang\!\!\!

Yoo Joonghyuk was mercilessly slamming his sword down on Kim Dokja, currently
sprawled out on the ground.

"Hey\!\! You crazy son of a bitch\!\!"

  

* * *

  

'...I guess it didn't work?'

Yoo Joonghyuk observed Kim Dokja lying on the ground. On the chest of the
unconscious man, the shallow wound left behind by his \[Black Heavenly Demon
Sword\] was clearly visible.

'But, I thought I saw it just now'.

Yoo Joonghyuk grasped his sword tightly and focused his mind. And almost right
away, he sensed the dark aura oozing out from Kim Dokja's body.

That was the 'wall', the identity of the strange 'foreignness' he felt
whenever he was looking at Kim Dokja.

'I can see it'.

He could see a jet-black wall, composed of countless texts. He raised his
sword high up and powerfully smashed down on that wall again.

Now that a Transcendent began pounding on it with serious intent, the wall
started shaking around in an unstable manner.

\['The Fourth Wall' is glaring at you.\]

Not caring whether it was glaring or not, Yoo Joonghyuk continued to pound on
that wall.

'Beyond this wall, there might be...'

If it didn't want to open up, then until it did; if it couldn't be broken,
then until he broke it down. Again, and again.

But then...

"Hey, you crazy bastard\!\! Have you lost your mind?\!"

Accompanied by a shrill voice, he felt a rather powerful impact in the back of
his head. Blood trickled down and blocked his vision. Through all that red, he
saw Han Sooyoung kneeling down next to Kim Dokja.

"Hey, Kim Dokja\!\! Get a hold of yourself\! Wake u... What the heck? He isn't
dead?"

Yoo Joonghyuk scowled unhappily as he staggered on his feet.

"Han Sooyoung. Do you really wish to die today?"

"You already killed me once today, you bastard."

"I knew you wouldn't die from the beginning."

"Stop lying. My acting was beyond perfect, you know."

She growled angrily and pointed at her Incarnation Body \(which was her real
body only until a few minutes ago\) still lying on some forgotten corner over
yonder.

The Incarnation Body, currently crumbling away, showed the definite signs of
bleeding out. An \[Avatar\] wouldn't have bled anything in the first place.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke nonchalantly. "An \[Avatar\] would bleed like the real
body if it was imbued with a certain amount of memories."

"Oh my? And how did you even find that out?"

"From the record you wrote yourself. Specifically, you from the 1863rd turn,
that is."

"Me of that turn wrote all sorts of crap, didn't I? God damn it."

There were plenty of things she wanted to ask, but she chose not to. Instead,
she poked Kim Dokja's cheek and spoke up. "Still, this guy looks like he got
completely fooled, doesn't he."

"Looks that way."

"How did it go?"

"He went crazy and attacked me."

Han Sooyoung smirked and lightly pinched Kim Dokja's cheek as if she was proud
of him. "By the way, what's the matter with his chest?"

"He's paying for making me eat dirt."

"...Dirt??"

"There is something like that."

She shifted her gaze back to Kim Dokja and his cheek that sagged without any
energy. In all honesty, he was only just barely alive, and not one part of his
body could be described as 'okay'. Indeed, the surrounding forest had been
completely levelled by the battle just now, so it'd be far stranger if his
body was left largely unscathed.

Han Sooyoung understood that this scene of utter destruction was the direct
evidence of the conversation that took place between Kim Dokja and Yoo
Joonghyuk.

"So? Did you hear the answer you wanted?"

Yoo Joonghyuk paused for a moment before making his reply. "A little."

She could clearly read the depths of emotions contained in that simple reply
of "A little". But they belonged to Kim Dokja and Yoo Joonghyuk, and no one
else. That left her feeling just a bit rueful, a bit lonesome.

"Anyways. You are coming back to <Kim Dokja's Company> now, right?"

Yoo Joonghyuk mulled over for a while, but then, turned around to leave as if
he had said everything there was to say.

She frowned deeply. "Hey, you\! At least try to answer properly, will you? I
even helped you out, didn't I??"

"The 'Great War of Saints and Demons' is just around the corner."

Yoo Joonghyuk continued to walk further away. One step, two steps...

Just as Han Sooyoung was getting ready to shout out something else...

Tsu-chuchuchut\!\!

Sparks buzzed around Kim Dokja's body and a 'voice' suddenly came out from
him.

\(Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi, that stupid scenario isn't the most important thing, you
know.\)

Startled by this development, Yoo Joonghyuk quickly unsheathed his blade. The
imaginary wall enveloping Kim Dokja was actually moving. Past that wall,
someone was speaking to him.

\(Do you believe that it's the end when you leave after talking one-sidedly
like this?\)

No, to be more specific, it wasn't the wall, but rather...

\(You should experience it as well, what the 'feelings of being a reader' are
all about. To understand what it really is.\)

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!\!

The wall that didn't want to break no matter how many times he hit it suddenly
developed a small hole on the side, and a hand popped out from this mysterious
hole. That hand proceeded to lightly grasp Yoo Joonghyuk's head and then,
slammed it right against the wall.

  

* * *

  

I was lying in pitch-black darkness by the time I regained my consciousness.

What happened?

Did I die?

...By Yoo Joonghyuk?

As the thoughts continued to swirl in my head, I slowly stood back up. I
looked around but couldn't see anything. It was then, a bright light from a
lantern lit up in front of my eyes.

\(Dokja-ssi, so this was where you've been all this time.\)

'Is that you, Yoo Sangah-ssi?'

\(Are you alright?\)

'Where am I...?'

\(You're inside the Library.\)

Only then did I figure out what had happened. Most likely, I got sucked inside
\[The Fourth Wall\] as I blacked out again.

'...By the way, is it always this dark inside?'

\(No, it's just that the Library is in a state of chaos at the moment. The
aftershocks of the battle this time killed off all the lanterns inside, and
all the bookshelves have fallen down. Everyone is doing their best trying to
restore everything right now.\)

'My apologies. I have created a lot of trouble for you'.

Yoo Sangah grinned softly and shook her head.

\(No, not at all.\)

'Is there anything I can do to help...?'

\(Oh, no. It's fine. You should lay here and rest. I'll sit here and take a
short break, as well.\)

Yoo Sangah let out a grunt and lightly settled down next to me. Her face, as
illuminated by the dim light of the lantern was the exact same one from my
memories.

\(You really did well.\)

'...In regards to?'

\(When you said those things.\)

I didn't need a lot of time to figure out what she meant by those words. No
doubt, she would've borne witness to the spectacle of the outside from behind
\[The Fourth Wall\].

\(A proper relationship starts from the act of introducing oneself first,
doesn't it? It's possible that you two might become real friends this time.\)

'...That would be great if such a thing was possible, but...'

I wasn't expecting much, though. Honestly, I thought that it'd be a huge
relief with Yoo Joonghyuk's anger being soothed, somehow. No matter what I
said, it'd be quite impossible to soften the sense of betrayal he must've
felt.

Books discarded on the floor seemed to be rolling around everywhere. Without
thinking too much about it, I picked one up.

Kim Dokja, Records from 15 years old, Volume \#25

I sneakily closed the book and chucked the damn thing deep into the darkness.

\(Uhm, excuse me, Dokja-ssi?\)

'Yes?'

\(Actually, well, I read that book. Just a little bit.\)

'...How much did you read?'

\(...Almost the whole book, if I'm honest. I find these more interesting than
the 'Ways of Survival', you see... I'm sorry.\)

My face reddened from heat, but there was naught that could be done when she
had already read it.

'It's fine. I do feel a bit ashamed, but still'.

I did think that, with Yoo Sangah being a part of the 'Library', such memories
would possibly end up being exposed, anyway. She carefully picked up the books
rolling around on the floor, one by one, and dusted them before gathering them
all together.

They were all my memories.

Her expression, as dyed by the darkness, was hard to see, but I could
nevertheless sense how troubled she was feeling right now. Perhaps to console
her, I picked up one of the books she had been gathering.

'...Been a while, this thing'.

All these gathered books were my stories.

Kim Dokja, 15 years old. 18 years old. 23. 28...

I slowly flipped through the pages.

Kim Dokja, who didn't have a father.

Kim Dokja, who didn't have any friends.

Kim Dokja, who lost his mother.

It was a life that always lacked something, or something kept disappearing
from it.

A lone existence is a being that doesn't exist. Kim Dokja was always alone.
And that was why he was the only child \(dokja/\), and the 'Kim Dokja'
didn't exist.

What sorrowfully reasonable words those were.

However, there was a sole moment where that Kim Dokja did exist; that was
when the dokja \(only child/\) became the dokja \(reader/\).

A life story being told like a lengthy report on a single book, that was
basically my life in a nutshell. I spent my teenage years along with the 'Ways
of Survival', and hid behind the wall this story created for me to dodge the
pointed fingers of other people.

At last. He'd come to life only when reading the 'Way of Survival'.

I sensed Yoo Sangah's gaze, staring at me from my side. I wasn't sure why, but
it also felt like it wasn't her alone; maybe, other Librarians were also
watching me from somewhere within the darkness.

It was right then, an unexpected text caught my eyes within the opened page.

I met a strange person today during the interview. That person's name is Yoo
Sangah.

The moment I read that, I unknowingly closed the book shut.

...Could it be that, Yoo Sangah-ssi also read this part?

\(Haven't you ever wondered about this before, Dokja-ssi?\)

'Excuse me? About what...?'

\(What if 'scenarios' didn't start? What would have happened to us?\)

I hadn't thought about that.

What if, the 'Ways of Survival' didn't become reality back then?

What if, the novel 'Ways of Survival' came to its natural conclusion and time
continued to tick by, what would've happened to me?

...Would I still be alive?

Could I have been able to carry on?

\(Would we be still working for the same company as before?\)

'Well, my contract hadn't been extended, so... I guess I might have been
searching for a job in other companies'.

Right, I wouldn't have died that easily. I would've thought about dying every
now and then, and also, there could've been many a day when I fell asleep
while re-reading the 'Ways of Survival', but... Yeah, I wouldn't have died. Not
that easily.

I'd have continued to live on, somehow.

'In that world, I wouldn't have become a friend with you, Yoo Sangah-ssi. My
workplace would've changed, and we wouldn't have a reason to get in contact
with each other, after all'.

\(Even still, wouldn't we have tried to call each other some times?\)

'Well...'

\(I think we would have. I'm sure that, even after you left the company, I'd
keep on remembering you. You are a strange person, after all.\)

'...Are you trying to get back at me?'

Yoo Sangah formed a refreshing grin and carried on.

\(I'd probably have gotten curious about your welfare. Is he doing okay? He's
not sick, is he? Did he find a new job? What about marriage...\)

'I don't think I'd have gotten married. I couldn't even take care of myself
properly back then'.

\(Well, it's true that one doesn't have to get married. I also found it
easier to live alone.\)

'Even you, Sangah-ssi?'

\(Yes. See, I told you. We'd have been good friends, I think.\)

'...You really think so?'

\(Yes, of course. We'd study Spanish together, enter a rider's club and ride
bicycles together, too...\)

'Or, to get ready for our old age, we start recommending savings plan or
retirement funds'.

\(After we grow old and can't move anymore, we'd help each other to get to
hospitals.\)

'I guess we could have lived pretty close by, in that case'.

\(Of course. Maybe, we might have lived right next to each other.\)

We continued to chat away. We talked about things that could no longer be.
Things that could never become a reality.

Just like how the 'Ways of Survival' was to me once upon a time.

Yoo Sangah continued on.

\(Along with Heewon-ssi, Hyunsung-ssi, and Jihye, too... It'd be wonderful if
other kids also lived nearby... Even Sooyoung-ssi, too.\)

Even if such a world did really exist, it was not possible that all of them
could be together. Because... they were characters from a novel. They were...

'...Yes, it'd be really wonderful if that was true'.

\(Ah, Joonghyuk-ssi, as well. Although his personality is terrible, he's a
great cook, so I think it'll be nice to become his friend.\)

Without a warning, something welled up from deep inside my heart.

\(Heewon-ssi and Hyunsung-ssi would be... Fufufu, in any case. And so we... We'd
all be growing older, little by little. In a world without scenarios, no
Constellations, and no Dokkaebis. Where we'd meet up to share our stories, and
while sharing nice foods...\)

I recalled the countless world-lines that I witnessed together with the
'Secretive Plotter'. Among all those possible worlds, maybe, just maybe, one
of them could...

\(It'd been nice if such a world existed somewhere. Don't you agree?\)

'There might be one just like that, somewhere'.

\(Dokja-ssi.\)

'Yes?'

\(I really enjoyed being with you, Dokja-ssi.\)

'...'

\(I think it's time for me to go now.\)

'Yoo Sangah-ssi'.

Actually, I had realized it a little while ago  why she suddenly began
talking to me about such things.

\['Master of the Island' is calling out to Incarnation 'Yoo Sangah'.\]

By seizing the opening created by the weakening of \[The Fourth Wall\], the
master of these islands was calling out to Yoo Sangah.

...The King of the Reincarnators.

Finally, the moment we've been waiting for had come. Indeed, one of the
reasons why we decided to come to the Isle of Reincarnators was here.

\(This Library, it's a warm and cosy and nice place to be, but... But, I can't
remain here forever, you know.\)

'But, hang on for a second, Sangah-ssi. You don't have to be in such a hurry
to...\!'

Yoo Sangah shook her head. Just like me, she too had read the 'Ways of
Survival' by now. What I wanted to say, she already knew them all.

\(There is almost nothing that I can do in here. As long as I'm here, I'll
always remain as a simple 'reader'.\)

I looked up at her with a resolute expression, my lips firmly shut.

I wanted to stop her. I wanted to ask if it'd be fine for us to talk for a bit
longer.

Unfortunately, I couldn't.

\(Dokja-ssi, you told me this once before that you have only one turn, and
that the world we need to live in is this one. That's why... I'll say it like
this.\)

White light enveloped Yoo Sangah as she placed her hand on my head, a smile
forming on her lips.

\(Let's meet again in the next life.\)


