### Chapter 463: Ep. 88 - Myth-grade Constellation, I

Uriel's mood wasn't so good.

 Where are you, our Biyoo?

The previous Stories of <Kim Dokja's Company> were currently on the Star
Stream's broadcasts, yet she couldn't pay attention to them. That couldn't be
helped, though.

The thoughts of previously-laid-back Uriel had become rather complicated what
with everything that happened recently. The deciding factor was her running
into the version of herself from the 999th worldline and receiving a portion
of her memories.

I'm your only ally, Yoo Joonghyuk. I shall definitely end the scenarios and
avenge you.

She knew that versions of herself existed in other worldlines. But, she didn't
expect the experiences of knowing it and meeting one would be this different.

The 999th regression turn's worldline.

Just what exactly did she do in that world?

\[...Urgh, so irritating. I'm not curious about the stories of another
worldline. Trying to follow the stories of my kids alone is plenty hard enough
already.\]

Uriel grumbled while hugging her head.

Besides, the <Star Stream>'s atmosphere seemed rather unsettled lately. As the
Final Scenario approached, this vague, strange sense of tension circulated
among all the Constellations. So much so that a groundless rumour of the
Bureau abandoning this worldline was doing the rounds, too.

\[<Bureau> has summoned the Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'-nim\!\]

\[Will you answer the summon?\]

Uriel's head shot up after hearing that sudden message.

...Why, with such a timing?

She pondered for a moment, before tapping on the 'confirm' button. When she
did, she was transported to another location along with blinding rays of
light.

\[Transmission is complete.\]

The place she arrived in was an unfamiliar empty field. Besides her, other
Constellations had arrived there before her.

\[What's this, Gabriel? You're also here?\]

\[The Bureau will spam you with messages if you refuse their call, after
all.\]

She looked around and spotted several dozen Constellations gathering here.
Just like her, many seemed to be curious about why they had been summoned.
Even if the Bureau was a bunch of thugs, they wouldn't summon them here
without a reason.

Not only that, she recognised a few familiar faces, too. Such as a short
height with bandages tightly wrapped around in one arm...

\[Oh my gosh, oh my gosh\! Isn't this our little Flame Dragon?\!\]

Uriel dashed towards the figure of the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon and
performed a head-lock.

\[Keuk\! An enemy's sneak attack?\!\]

\[It's me, your Archangel noonim.\]

\[Release me at once\!\]

Abyssal Dragon freaked out and struggled inside Uriel's 'embrace'.

While watching that spectacle unfold, Gabriel muttered out. \[...Uriel, that guy
is an 'Absolute Evil', you know.\]

\[Who cares. <Eden> is destroyed, anyway. We should be friends with one
another.\]

The Nebula <Eden> was almost completely wiped out at the end of the prior
'Great War of Saints and Demons'. Most of the once-powerful Archangel army was
decimated, and the only Archangels that could move were Uriel and Gabriel.

The former stopped thinking about the bitter matters and scanned her vicinity.
\[Hey, that's the Goryeo's First Sword, isn't he?\]

Not only him, but also the Korean Peninsula's Constellations that included
'Bald General of Justice', 'First Sorcerer of Joseon', and even 'Last Hero of
Hwangsanbeol'; Nebulas such as <Olympus>, plus a host of Constellations and
even Surya could be seen.

Uriel's eyes moved about even more urgently than before.

The more she spotted familiar Constellations, the greater the foreboding grew.
Every Constellation gathered here, they all had one thing in common.

The Abyssal Dragon finally managed to extract himself from her grasp and
muttered loudly. \[...Everyone here is from Kim Dokja's channel.\]

He was right; Everyone gathered here, they...

...Pah-chuchut\!

Right then, Uriel's perception picked up on the movement of a threatening
Status. Beings were surrounding this empty field. Each and every one of them
possessed more than enough Status to almost rival a Narrative-grade
Constellation.

Uriel and her quick wits immediately saw through their identity. \[...<Papyrus>,
<Vedas>, and even <Emperor>. What is the meaning of this? To think that you
lot with plenty of bad blood between you would unite like this.\]

Uriel spoke up, feeling slightly tense. Even if it was her, fighting off
against this many Narrative-grade Constellations was asking for too much. Not
only that...

\[Even a bum-heavy geezer, too... What brings an existence from the 'Final
Scenario' here?\]

She was sure of it; the goosebumps rising up on her arms were proof of the
incredibly powerful being's existence hiding nearby.

Even if <Star Stream> was vast, there were only a handful of beings possessing
this level of Status. She glanced to the side and noticed that even the
'Abyssal Dragon' was making a visibly hardened expression.

There was no doubt  this creature, it was...

\[Is everyone here?\]

...A true Myth-grade Constellation.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

The moment that true voice rang out, the surrounding air suddenly changed. It
felt as if the oxygen floating around was ignited instantly.

The sensation was so strong that the Constellations near her wobbled
unsteadily, while even Uriel, renowned for her high resistance to fire,
couldn't help but frown deeply for a moment there.

...Why was a 'Myth-grade Constellation' here?

With the very rare exceptions like the King of the Underworld, Metatron or the
Great Sage, the majority of 'Myth-grade Constellations' didn't interfere with
the matters of lower-ranked scenarios. Because they were beings that had
already completed their 'Conclusion' and placed their names on the candidate
list for the 'One Single Story'.

They had already reached the Final Scenario, and their Stories had been
guaranteed.

\[Looks like the monkey bastard and the King of the Underworld are the only
absentees. However, it's not possible to delay any further, so I shall start
with the explanation.\]

\[Hold up\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Midday Sun' is looking at 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'.\]

The moment she met that gaze, Uriel realized who the owner of that true voice
was.

There were many 'suns' to be found within the <Star Stream>. However, suns
that occupied the center of the universe were extremely rare even among them.
Especially so, if it was an existence that occupied the 'midday' smack-bang in
the middle of time itself...

\[God of the Sun, Ra. Did you summon us here?\]

He was none other than Ra, the top Constellation of the great Nebula,
<Papyrus>.

\[Correct.\]

\[How odd. I thought that the 'Bureau' called us here?\]

Ra didn't reply to her.

Actually, Uriel could sense a presence of Great Dokkaebi among all the others
surrounding her. She decided to calmly respond for now. If that side really
chose to align themselves with the Bureau even at the exorbitant loss of their
Probability, then this situation couldn't be described as good at all.

\[Okay, so. Shall we hear what's so important that you're even willing to
expose your cosy relationship with the Bureau?\]

\[I've summoned you here because of the 'Final Scenario'. Soon, the 'One
Single Story' will be chosen. Meaning, the story that will represent this
worldline will be decided.\]

The One Single Story.

There was not one Constellation present that didn't know what that was. Even
the <Kim Dokja's Company> they had been watching until now was a Nebula
creating their own One Single Story, after all.

\[Okay? What's that got to do with us?\]

\[Most of you have not earned the right of the 'Final Scenario'. However,
it'll be a different story if you side with me. I shall take you to the 'Final
Scenario'. Meaning, I shall give you an opportunity to place your Modifiers on
the 'One Single Story'.\]

That proposition caused the eyes of a few Constellations to rock visibly. Most
of them were unaffiliated Historical-grades.

Uriel observed Ra for a moment there before breaking out in a smirk. \[What
the hell, that's it? It wasn't anything important, so if you're done talking,
I'm leaving.\]

She turned around, but couldn't take another step. An incredibly powerful
Status had rooted her to the spot.

\[...What's the meaning of this?\]

\[I haven't finished talking yet.\]

\[But, I can already guess what you're about to say without hearing it?\]

Uriel's true voice carried a sharp edge. Only the Constellations from the
channel BY-9158 and not any others were brought here. And the one who gathered
them was none other than the top Constellation of <Papyrus>.

\[You're about to propose that we attack the <Kim Dokja's Company>, right?\]

For a very short moment there, silence dominated the proceedings.

\[...Why do you think that?\]

\[Because they earned the qualification of the 'Final Scenario', that's why.
And eliminating them naturally would lead to one of the strongest candidates
for the 'One Single Story' exiting the picture.\]

Visible turmoil spread among the Constellations. Uriel sensed the Statuses of
the Constellations surrounding them get agitated as well.

She snorted derisively. \[Really now, you lot called Constellations just don't
change even until the end, no? And also, Ra. You have already reached the
Final Scenario, so interfering in the lower scenario like this is really
petty, you know. Zeus, and even you...\]

\[...\]

\[Are you by any chance worried about your kids? You angry that your
offsprings that inherited your Story couldn't win against fledgling Nebula and
failed to become the candidates of the 'One Final Story', and...\]

There was an incredible explosion, and Uriel's figure was buried deep into the
ground. As she spat out a slew of expletives, Ra's true voice entered her
ears.

\[Fu, what the hell...\]

\[Indeed, you're correct. This is the rage of a parent who didn't educate his
children properly. This is the righteous rage of a parent who couldn't sit
still and watch his children's future go astray because of pathetic losers who
gave up on their Conclusions, and a little Nebula not even a decade old.\]

As if she was already expecting that, Uriel shouted back. \[And you finally
reveal your true colours. Sorry, but there are no Constellations here who will
side with your kids. Looks like you don't know whose channel we're subscribers
of.\]

The Abyssal Dragon and Gabriel reached out and helped Uriel out of the crater.
Behind them, the Korean Peninsula's Constellations, including Goryeo's First
Sword and Bald General, were nodding their heads.

Uriel felt this inexplicable sense of contentment after meeting their gazes.
Right now, here in this place, folks that cheered on someone's Story in one
heart had gathered.

From the start of the first scenario, the 'proof of credentials', all the way
to the 'Final Scenario' where the fate of the worldline was to be decided.

Uriel couldn't be certain that everyone here thought the same as her. However,
without a doubt, someone among these people must've loved <Kim Dokja's
Company>'s Story more than their own. Just like she did.

\[And that is why you're all losers.\]

\[What?\]

\[Have you all lost yourselves to voyeurism and forgotten that you are also a
part of the scenario?\]

In the next moment, a powerful storm of Probability's aftermath whipped about
and a certain figure made an entrance.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

It was a doll with an exterior of steel. A Narrative-grade Constellation
riddled with wounds was bound by the sturdy ring of light.

\[This fool had been supporting a stupid Story, just like you have.\]

Uriel dazedly stared at this Constellation. She had never met this guy before,
yet the moment he appeared, she could tell who he might be. Not only that, she
had exchanged several indirect messages with him in the past, too.

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', is shrinking back from pain.\]

The Master of Steel. He was the Incarnation 'Lee Hyunsung's' Sponsor.

Ra's laughter could be heard next. \[He would have been safe if he remained
quietly back in <Oz>, yet this fool got in touch with an existence from
another worldline, hoping to aid that stupid Story.\]

\[Just what the hell are you...\!\]

\[You all do not have a choice. Either you help us put an end to <Kim Dokja's
Company>'s Story, or...\]

Along with those words, the rings of light binding the Master of Steel's body
began tightening. He thrashed in pain but still stared straight at Uriel.

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', says that his death today has no
meaning.\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', announces that his Story and Modifier have
been succeeded by someone else\!\]

The ring was getting tighter and tighter. Uriel hurriedly moved.

And then...

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', asks you not to give up on that story.\]

Squeeze\!\!

The Master of Steel's body got crushed without any resistance whatsoever, and
Stories exploded out from his body. It was truly a meaningless death of a
Narrative-grade Constellation.

Everyone from the same channel watched that spectacle as if they were frozen
to the spot.

In front of a planet's death, Ra continued to speak. \[Or, die like this
one.\]

Along with a madness-filled roar, Uriel unleashed her Status in full.


