### Chapter 231: Ep. 43 - Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, V

The merchant frowned as he looked towards the voice in the back. As expected,
Yoo Joonghyuk was standing there. My expression changed as I warned him, "Hey,
don't go around talking like that."

The destruction of the First Murim that Yoo Joonghyuk mentioned was a scenario
that hadn't happened yet. In the original novel, the tragedy would occur in a
few more years. Of course, Yoo Joonghyuk witnessed this in the last regression
and the future became the 'past' for him.

"Don't waste unnecessary time. You know that people can't become stronger with
that trash."

"I was just letting the group take a look."

"We aren't here to be tourists. Have you forgotten?"

As he spoke, I managed to see something in Yoo Joonghyuk's hand. It was a
paper wrapped with a hot and sweet smell coming from it.

...Dumpling? Yoo Joonghyuk ate the dumpling with an unapologetic face and
continued talking, "There are three hidden pieces that can be found in the
First Murim at this time. The Annihilation Emperor's martial arts book, the
Black Demon Spirit's Black Heavenly Demon Sword and the Blood Demon School's
Demon Spirit Bead."

The merchant cut in after Yoo Joonghyuk's words.

"Hahaha\! The Annihilation Emperor's martial arts book and the Black Demon
Spirit's Black Heavenly Demon Sword? The Blood Demon School's Demon Spirit
Bead? There is still someone searching for such things...\!"

"..."

"Wake up\! They are literally legends\! They completely disappeared during the
old days of Murim\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't bat an eyelid despite the merchant's laughter. It was
because Yoo Joonghyuk knew they really existed. He even knew how to obtain a
few of them. He shamelessly mentioned it in front of other people because he
knew they wouldn't believe him anyway.

I replied to his words, "The Blood Demon School's Demon Spirit Bead has a low
utility even if obtained. You might be able to absorb it but if I or the other
party members eat it incorrectly, qigong deviation is likely to occur."

Yoo Joonghyuk made the expression that I wanted. On the other hand, the
merchant's expression was embarrassed as he heard us calmly discussing
legends. I continued talking, "The Annihilation Emperor's martial arts book is
very difficult to obtain. You can get it but you can't stay there for long."

"I see."

"Finally, the Black Demon Spirit's Black Heavenly Demon Sword... maybe you are
trying to obtain it because your sword is broken but have you forgotten that
there is a weapon that is easier to obtain with a similar performance?"

Yoo Joonghyuk's complexion changed at my words. He noticed what I was trying
to say. "...Do you really intend to go there?"

"Yes. This time, the power of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint is essential."

"I'm not going."

"Do what you want. However, can you guide me to the school?"

Yoo Joonghyuk made a grim expression and the merchant interjected again. "Are
you going to find the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint?"

"That's right."

"Hah..." The merchant watched us with a slightly weary expression. Then he shook
his head and withdrew his products. "That's it. Give that to me. I won't sell
them to you."

Han Myungoh, who was listening earnestly to the Ice Flower Goddess, was
embarrassed as the earphones were suddenly pulled out. The merchant smiled at
Han Myungoh. "I'm surprised that there are still friends who want to stick to
the old ways. It isn't too bad to feel the change of the times in person. Good
luck with your hard work."

The merchant spoke unknown words and dragged his stall to another place to
solicit customers. I stared at the merchant's back for a moment. Han Myungoh
asked, "...What the hell does that mean?"

"Department Head, you said that you like Murim novels?"

"Huh? Well, that's right."

"Then it'll be great. The person we are visiting now is the only one in
'Murim' who adheres to the old training methods."

I said this while chasing after Yoo Joonghyuk walking ahead of me. Was it
because he came to the First Murim after a long time? Yoo Joonghyuk had a
nostalgic look on his face as he looked at the surroundings with distant eyes.

The streets gradually grew quiet. The buzzing of the marketplaces died away
and there was the faint smell of animal feces.

How long did we walk? Yoo Joonghyuk's footsteps finally stopped. It was in
front of a shabby residence that couldn't be compared to those on the busy
streets. There was a small hut in the center of the grounds. I read the small
nameplate set up in front of the hut.

\[Breaking the Sky Sword School.\]

Recruiting disciples at all times.

This was where the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint lived.

"It is up to here for me." Yoo Joonghyuk spoke these words and climbed up a
cherry tree nearby.

He really didn't want to meet the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

Han Myungoh spoke in a suspicious tone, "Something so shabby..."

"Originally Murim masters stay in shabby places," I replied.

Jang Hayoung asked with an expectant expression, "Is there someone here who
gave me the martial arts technique?"

Come to think of it, Jang Hayoung had received the Breaking the Sky Sword's
Immortal Body through the wall. Someone had taught it to him but I didn't know
how it was possible. Even Yoo Joonghyuk had struggled to learn it...

"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, are you here?" I knocked on the door. "Breaking
the Sky Sword Saint\! I need your help\!"

There was no answer from the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint to my loud shouts.
However, I couldn't go back just because there was no answer. I shouted
brazenly and opened the door. "I will take this as signal to enter\!"

There was a creak as the door opened and revealed the interior. The interior
of the residence was better than I thought. There weren't any signs of a
person living there. Instead, an unexpected existence was waiting for us.

Jang Hayoung cried out happily, "Aw, there is a dog?"

A dog was lying on the floor and staring at us. It was a medium-sized dog
dressed in a dark blue uniform with its tongue stretched out.

Han Myungoh nervously stuck to my side. "Is that the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint?"

"No."

I gazed at the panting dog and recalled the contents from Ways of Survival.

 Black coloured fur with reddish brown eyes. The watchdog lay down in a
manner that was as elegant as a person. 

There was no doubt.

"This dog is a disciple of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint."

"...Disciple?"

"If I remember correctly, he is called the Breaking the Sky Master."

Han Myungoh asked with an absurd expression. "No, why is a dog a disciple?"

"It happens when people are worse than dogs. In the first place, the idea that
people are better than dogs is a human ideal."

I read the curious air around the dog.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

Old folktales gathered and became stories. Fragments of folktales in the area
became an original story told to me.

\[The story 'Dog who Grows Up at a Village School for 3 Years can Recite
Poetry' in in effect.\]

For example, what if a dog accompanied the strongest person in Murim for a
long time? What if the dog started to follow the master's actions one day? He
followed and copied for 10 years, 20 years, 30 years... and finally, 100 years
passed.

Jang Hayoung murmured with astonishment. "W-What is this...?\!"

The dog stood up on two legs and looked at us like he was a human. He had
strange eyes that couldn't be read at all. I couldn't sense any hostility from
him but it was difficult to see him as benevolent. Han Myungoh frowned at the
strange sight. "I don't think this is a welcome greeting. I will deal with
him."

"...Department Head?"

"I'm also a demon earl. Don't look down on me."

An earl-grade demon certainly wasn't weak. An earl should at least have a
decent story.

"Haaap\!"

Han Myungoh ran forward and confidently revealed his story. I wasn't sure
about the exact identity of the story but he had picked up a few historical-
grade stories and were using them. He was still a member of Asmodeus'
household so if I checked Han Myungoh's skills...

"Kuaaack\!"

Before I could finish the thought, Han Myungoh's body flew through the air
with a loud sound.

\[The character 'Breaking the Sky Master' has used Hundred Steps Godly Fists
Lv. 10\!\]

\[The character 'Breaking the Sky Master' has used Red Phoenix Shunpo Lv.
10\!\]

...Oh my god. The dog blew Han Myungoh out of the house and rushed towards Jang
Hayoung. I reflexively pushed Jang Hayoung and activated Bookmark.

\[The exclusive skill 'Way of the Wind Lv. 10 \(+1\) is activated\!\]

The momentary wind sensation made the dog's movements look dull. I pulled Jang
Hayoung and moved along the path created by the wind, avoiding the dog's paw.
There was a fearsome power in the dog's paws as sparks occurred. Who could
believe that a lowly looking dog was using the power of the Breaking the Sky?

"Wait a minute\! We have no intention of fighting\!"

Then the dog picked up a piece of paper that was rolling around.

Recruiting disciples at all times.

I finally realized what was happening.

"...Shit. It is the disciples' recruitment period."

If I remembered correctly, there were quite a few people yearning for the old
Murim who visited the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. Most of them weren't even
able to enroll because of this dog.

 "I won't accept any person as a disciple if they aren't as good as a dog." 

In other words, the dog... the Breaking the Sky Master was the checkpoint to
enter the Breaking the Sky Sword School.

The dog was stimulated by my movements and growled. Faint sparks appeared
around the dog.

The startled Jang Hayoung asked, "W-What is this? Is that really a dog?"

I was also surprised. Based on the way the sparks were turning yellow, there
was no doubt. This was 'transcendence stage one'. I never thought the Breaking
the Sky Master would be this strong, dammit.

I could deal with him if I revealed my power but my body hadn't recovered yet.
I also couldn't excessively use my stories to deal with the dog. In the end,
there was only one method.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! Help me just once\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk was quiet. This jerk wasn't responding?

"I'll help you find the Blood Demon School's Demon Spirit Bead if you deal
with this guy\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk still didn't respond. Then the dog moved. It was so fast that I
couldn't avoid it using Way of the Wind. It happened when I was going to
invoke Electrification. Yoo Joonghyuk appeared in front of me and used the
Heavenly Sword of Gathering Clouds to block the dog's paws.

"The Demon Spirit Bead is still insufficient. Add the Black Demon Spirit's
Black Heavenly Demon Sword as well."

Shit. this stingy person.

"...I understand. Just take care of the dog."

Yoo Joonghyuk lightly shook his sword to shake off the dog and took a kendo
position with an arrogant expression. Yellow sparks started to flow around Yoo
Joonghyuk's body. As expected, Yoo Joonghyuk also passed transcendence stage
one. Originally, it shouldn't be possible for him at this point in time.

The Breaking the Sky Master was tense when the same power appeared. The
confrontation between man and dog was filled with unbelievable tension.

A formidable magic power started to encroach on the surroundings. In the
original work, Yoo Joonghyuk had also competed with the Breaking the Sky
Master.

 The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint has two disciples. 

It was the first time he came to the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint to learn
swordsmanship.

 One is Breaking the Sky Master, the dog raised by the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint. 

He probably lost at that time.

 The second is Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk. 

Now it would be different.


