### Chapter 483: Ep. 92 - Final Scenario, II

My declaration caused unrest among the crowd. Reporters ceaselessly snapped
away with their cameras; lower- and mid-rank Dokkaebis reporting the situation
on their own channels were now carrying astonished expressions on their faces.

\[Many Constellations find your statement quite interesting\!\]

\[Great Dokkaebis are closely listening to your statement.\]

\[Every Dokkaebi from the <Bureau> is focusing on your words and actions\!\]

 What do you mean by that?\!

 Representative Kim Dokja-nim\!

It was truly something else to witness the Constellations, Incarnations, and
even the Dokkaebis carrying the exact same expressions.

With a friendly little smile on my face, I opened my mouth once more. \[It's
exactly as I said. I simply can't see the reason to save you all.\]

 Are you saying you will throw away Korea?

 In that case, what will happen to all the Incarnations that supported you
until now?\!

Support, was it?

\[How did they support us, then?\]

Agitation spread out in an instant. My quizzical tone of voice caused the
reporters to shoot up from their seats and start yelling at me. As expected,
the power of media seemed to be mighty enough to even oppose a Myth-grade
Constellation's Status.

 Who do you think has been overlooking the <Kim Dokja's Company>'s tyranny?\!

 Didn't everyone go along with your wishes until now?\!

Overlooking the tyranny, was it...?

Before I could respond, though, Constellations chimed in first.

\[A portion of Constellations are mocking the reporters' statements.\]

\[Korean Peninsula's ancient Constellations are in lamentation\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', is glaring at the descendants.\]

Never mind whether it was a tyranny or not, I didn't even know what exactly
they had been 'overlooking' so far. Wasn't there demonstrations against <Kim
Dokja's Company> taking place every single day on the devastated Yeouido even
now?

I quietly stared at the various shouting reporters, before asking them. \[And
what exactly were my wishes?\]

 That is...\!

\[Have I ever asked any one of you to do something for me?\]

Right there and then, the reporters shut their mouths and glanced at each
other. Dokkaebis were now forming expressions of genuine interest. To them,
even things like this should prove to be an entertaining Story. Well, it was
an event of the 'Demon King of Salvation' forsaking his own land, after all.

What rescued the reporters falling into the pit of confusion was a group of
Incarnations biding their time on the side of the \[Industrial Complex\].

 It's only natural for the one possessing great power to shoulder the
responsibility. And you are abandoning that responsibility right now.

An old man wearing a shabby hat suddenly stepped forward and said that out
aloud. Shady, cunning glare in his eyes could be seen beneath the crooked rim
of his headgear. I couldn't immediately remember who it was, but that line, it
also appeared in the 'Ways of Survival'. I heard Lee Jihye's voice coming from
behind.

"What the hell. That geezer also showed up here?"

It seemed that the group belonged to the alliance down in Busan. The hidden
movers that took over the alliance while we were away from the Peninsula had
finally revealed themselves, in other words.

Behind them, the clearly-visible flags of the veteran's association waved by
the ones wearing blue headbands. And then, alliance members from the
countryside stood left and right of this group and angrily raised their
voices.

 Demon King of Salvation, you must uphold the duty of the strong. Are you not
the sole 'Myth-grade Constellation' active within the Korean Peninsula?

Some emphasized what my duty was, while...

 I beg of you, do not abandon the Korean Peninsula\! If you behave like this,
what will the poor citizens of this land do in turn??

...Some tried to appeal to my sympathy.

 Please, take us with you to the Final Scenario\! Everyone who managed to
survive until now has the right to be rewarded properly\!

 No one among us wanted to become a part of the 'scenario'\! Are you planning
to abandon all these innocent people? Can you even claim to be this
Peninsula's Constellation, then?\!

In a certain way, they were right. No one among us wanted to be a part of the
scenarios. Not initially, anyway.

\[I see that the various heads of the alliances are present as well. That's
good.\]

However, was the story still the same even now?

\[I wanted to ask you all something. Just what exactly have you been doing
until now, when the 'Final Scenario' is just around the corner?\]

The alliance members all looked at each other when they heard me.

 We, we... protected the Peninsula while you were away...\!

 Are you looking down on all the hard work the alliances have performed?\! It
was us that protected our Peninsula during your absence\!

I already knew what they had been doing, anyway. Meanwhile, I spotted a few
alliance members exchanging glances with reporters.

Publish the article  let everyone know that the 'Demon King of Salvation' is
giving up on the Korean Peninsula.

Most likely, they were inciting the mass media.

The 'Demon King of Salvation', revealing his true colours of a demon king.

I could imagine the headlines already without even asking them. I knew why
they were willing to go this far, of course.

No need to be scared. The Demon King of Salvation is still a human in the
end. He's just another Korean, okay?

As long as he's born in this land, there are some things he can't go
against.

Even if he now possesses great power and fame...

They still believed in the system. They believed in the story of democracy
upheld by humanity for a long time, the Stories like rationalism and
institution, or even something like majority decision.

\[Ancient Stories are now looking at you.\]

I could see it now; everyone believed they held a share in these Stories, but
in reality, no one did. Even before <Star Stream> arrived on Earth, this place
had been under the rule of a Giant Story. And those believing in this Giant
Story were under the impression that they couldn't be wrong. The alliance
members continued to shout.

 Didn't <Kim Dokja's Company> monopolise the scenarios from the very start?\!
What can we be expected to achieve under such unfair competitive conditions?\!

\[But, the Industrial Complex's door is always open to you? All the skills and
Stories we acquired are all publicly available, aren't they?\]

 No, but, because you people entered the scenarios first...\!

\[There are plenty of people from other countries who entered the scenarios
belatedly. Divisions led by Fei Hu or Ranvir Khan are home to many who have
joined only a few months ago, but now find themselves in the latter half of
the scenarios.\]

 That's the story for other countries\! Our situation isn't the same\!

\[They don't have the 'Industrial Complex'. Their support structure is focused
on extremely few individuals, too. However, what is it like for Seoul?\]

I snapped my fingers and Biyoo created a panel in the empty air above. A shot
of the \[Industrial Complex\]'s interior was displayed on it.

\[We publicly made available the methods to clear the lower-ranked scenarios,
and even released the list of 'Giant Story scenarios' as well. And we didn't
hold back with our support to those willing to diligently enter the scenarios,
too. We didn't place any restrictions on sex, age, race  none of those.
Because what we were looking for were brave people willing to fight alongside
us.\]

The panel now displayed Incarnations going through repeated harsh training
regimes, and my mother commanding them. The faces of both Jo Yeong-Ran and Lee
Bok-Sun working as instructors could be seen next.

And so, they reached this far after going through hellish training and earned
their own Stories.

\[I'm talking about these people right before you.\]

There were Incarnations possessing indomitable air and vigorous Statuses
guarding the center of the conference venue. They were none other than the
'wanderers' my mother had raised. The heroes that helped my mother stop the
tsunami waves by the eastern shoreline were these very people.

\[Is there anyone among you present today that received worse support than
these people?\]

No one replied. They were all overwhelmed by the fighting spirit emanating
from the 'wanderers' right before their noses.

People faltering and biting their lips started shouting again.

 It's not like we kicked back and enjoyed ourselves all this time\! We, we've
been preparing for various things\! Maintaining the systems and
infrastructures, and getting ready to rebuild our nation once you finish the
scenario and come back...

\[But, why are you getting ready for that? Do you even know what kind of
'Conclusion' is waiting at the end?\]

 What??

\[Why do you believe that this world's 'Conclusion' will be peaceful?\]

This world had changed a lot from the one found in the 'Ways of Survival'. Yoo
Joonghyuk, Lee Hyunsung, Lee Jihye, Shin Yoosung  everyone had changed
somewhat from what I used to remember.

However, some things didn't change.

Everyone Yoo Joonghyuk had met all wished for things to go back to how they
were.

Fluster was quickly dyeing the people's expressions. Expressions of being
betrayed by that one hope they had been holding onto. I knew very well what
they wanted, of course.

However, there were none among them that truly desired for 'everything' to go
back to how they were.

What this crowd wanted wasn't peace for everyone, but for 'individuals'.

They had experienced hellish scenarios and managed to survive. And those who
experienced such ordeals definitely didn't want to see everything go back to
'how it used to be'.

Because the hell they lived through had become a part of their stories now.

...It'll be fine as long as the Final Scenario is over. I now possess power. At
the bare minimum, I'm now in a position to act like a boss among the
Incarnations.

I can't go back to how it was. Just how hard did I struggle to get this far...

If only the <Kim Dokja's Company> wasn't around...

As the countless desires seethed under the surface, I slowly turned my head
and looked at the outer edges of the conference venue.

The alliance members, and certain folks standing even further away than the
reporters, were looking up at this side. Ordinary Incarnations covered in dust
and wearing shabby, dirty clothes and equipment were standing there.

Among them, I saw a young girl. She was only as tall as Shin Yoosung during
the initial stages of the scenarios. She was so young that it must've been a
miracle for her to survive this far. And while standing in that place that
cameras and channels didn't even pay any attention to, she whispered to
herself in a voice that only I could hear.

Does that mean... we are all going to die?

The cameras and their shutter flashes continued to go off, but I only stared
at that girl for a long time.

And eventually, I opened my mouth.

\[I'm not a hero. From the beginning, I never planned to save any of you, and
I'm not planning on doing that in the future, as well. However...\]

I slowly looked behind to find...

\[...It's possible that the other 'representative' might be holding a different
opinion than mine.\]

...Yoo Joonghyuk standing there.

  

* * *

  

A little while later, me and Han Sooyoung were listening to Yoo Joonghyuk's
speech from behind the stage.

 I also don't know what the Conclusion that guy had been thinking about is
like. However, even I too think about the world's Conclusion that I wish to
see.

In normal times, the extent of his vocabulary would be limited to "I'll kill
you Kim Dokja", but once he got going, he knew how to make a cool-sounding
speech. He wasn't the protagonist for nothing, after all.

Han Sooyoung wordlessly stared at me while sucking on a lemon candy.

I spoke as if to make an excuse. "It's not like I can step up to the front and
command everyone forever, you know. Yoo Joonghyuk suits such things better
than me. Even back in the original, too."

She began grinning, so I added something else.

"We need a much more trusty pivotal figure. And that's not my role."

"But, you could do it, though?"

"It's time that we revert back to how things should be. I'm not a protagonist
but a reader, remember?"

"Oh, my? Really? After coming this far?"

I hid my hands behind me and continued to clench and unfurl my fists. Indeed,
even if this Kim Dokja had become a Myth-grade Constellation, I was still 'Kim
Dokja' at the core. My palms were still soaked in sweat. Standing before the
cameras was never an easy thing no matter the occasion.

"Is that the 'proper conclusion' you've been thinking about?"

"It's the beginning."

"What comes after this, then?"

I didn't answer her.

"Hey, you."

She strode closer, lifted herself up on the tiptoes, and grabbed hold of my
collars.

"You haven't forgotten about the promise to read my novel, have you?"

"Huh?"

"We promised. You forgot?"

I looked into her blazing eyes, and finally recalled the conversation we had
in the past. Right, while exiting from the 'Kaizenix Archipelago', Han
Sooyoung did tell me that.

She said that she wanted to write a novel once all the scenarios had ended,
and when the time came, she wanted me to read it.

"You were being serious back then?"

"You think I'll lie about something like that?\!"

I could only grin wryly. "I've got a high standard, so will it be okay with
you?"

"Oh, a dude with a high standard kept reading trash like Ways of Survival for
ten years straight??"

"I might end up writing a bad review, though? Pointing out that it's got no
probability, and say stuff like I'll be dropping this series in my comments,
you know?"

"Go ahead. You'll see what happens next."

I quietly stared at Han Sooyoung's face. She looked back at me with a serious
face, not a hint of backing down visible on that expression. Right, she was
originally like this, wasn't she?

"...I might end up nagging you for more chapter uploads."

"Not a problem. I've written ten chapters in a single day before, so it's
fine."

My sense of reality seemed to weaken after I continued this tit-for-tat with
her still holding my collars. The first time I met her, I never imagined that
we'd end up as companions like this. Han Sooyoung who was once the 'king of
the prophets'.

 Once upon a time, I discriminated between those that needed to survive and
people whose death didn't mean anything.

We could hear Yoo Joonghyuk's voice drifting in.

 I always believed that some had to die, while some needed to carry on. I
believed that was a necessity for the sake of this world. But now, I...

Both Han Sooyoung and I stopped yapping while listening to his speech. Here
was Yoo Joonghyuk's inner thoughts that he had never revealed to anyone
directly. His inner side that even the 'Ways of Survival' failed to shed a
light on could be heard now.

 But now, I'm not sure anymore.

The protagonist of the 'Ways of Survival' was speaking his heart.

Behind his back, the Stories of the regression turn we lived through flowed
out.

He was the sole existence in this world who couldn't forget the previous world
 the protagonist wounded and hurt by betrayals from the distant past.

 I received help from those I believed to be evil in my previous lives.

We could see Yoo Joonghyuk battling against Asmodeus next.

He then met his end after a fierce battle during the 2nd regression turn.

 Then, I fought on the same battlefield with the one who betrayed me before.

Anna Croft, helping us fight off the Apocalypse Dragon.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at those Stories for a long time before continuing on.

 I haven't forgiven them. But that doesn't mean I wish to seek revenge on
them during this lifetime. Because my life this time is not the one I had
lived before. Just like how this world is no longer the world that you used to
know.

People were listening to Yoo Joonghyuk's story.

They were neither regressors nor protagonists. Even then, they all carried
expressions of certain understanding.

 You surviving this far doesn't mean everything will be permitted to you. No,
it simply means you now have more responsibility. The sin of living on, the
sin of surviving by trampling on someone else's stories, the sin of using
others' Stories as your fertiliser and daring to spread your branches and
sprouting new buds  so, if you're alive, then be responsible for those sins.

Everyone that understood him, and even those who didn't, they all looked
completely absorbed in his speech.

These were the words of a human who lived his life cutting down Constellations
in the battlefields. He spoke neither the friendly words of consolation nor of
encouragement, but without a doubt, he was still reaching them.

His voice sounded far more sincere than the true voice coming from a
Constellation like myself.

 I can't make a promise of saving everyone. I merely try to survive the
scenarios, and I certainly can't live through them instead of you. So, there
is only one thing I can tell you right now.

This was undoubtedly where Yoo Joonghyuk should be.

 Until the scenario for every one of you ends, I shall promise not to die or
regress.


