### Chapter 292: Ep. 55 - Happy Memories, II

It had been approximately 20 minutes since the conversation with Han Sooyoung
started. I was able to deduce a few pieces of information through the three
questions.

One, the 'Han Sooyoung' of the 1863rd round had contracted with Secretive
Plotter through the Outer World Covenant.

Two, 'Han Sooyoung' of the 1863rd round might not be the alter ego of the
third round person.

Three, the 'Han Sooyoung' of the 1863rd round had more information \(and was a
bit smarter\) than the third one.

I could combine them and deduce more information. For example, it was likely
that this Han Sooyoung came from from the same 'third round' as me. She also
obtained information about the future through methods I didn't know...

I spoke to Han Sooyoung, "Thanks to you, I got some good information. Then all
that's left is my last question?"

"Hmm, do I have to answer? I know enough information about you now."

"...Really? What do you know?"

"Is that your third question?"

"No."

Han Sooyoung licked her lips and smiled at me. "Kim Dokja of the third round.
How am 'I' there?"

The moment I was about to say that her right to ask a question was over, a
cold sensation filled me.

...How did she know that I came from the third round?

"Oh, based on your expression, I'm right? I was taken."

"Don't lie. You knew when you said it."

"Ahaha, I didn't."

My gaze collided with Han Sooyoung in the air. Han Sooyoung moistened her
lower lip and asked, "The third round... do I have a screw missing? I took too
many memories."

"You are doing well in your own way. Shouldn't you worry about yourself now?"

"Are you covering for me? Then will you give me some information? You have
read all the novel so you can show me this much generosity?"

"...I don't know what you're talking about."

"I was really curious about what type of person would read all of that novel
but you are more than I expected. Kim Dokja."

The third round Han Sooyoung was formidable but this one really wasn't
ordinary.

"I said that I'm the writer."

Han Sooyoung laughed. "You're not the writer. You're too intelligent to write
that novel. Although you are too stupid to deceive me."

"Only that reason..."

"I also have a guess about what the author of Ways of Survival is."

I almost asked her about the author. However, I couldn't reveal any loopholes
in this place that might be a trap. I frowned and asked another question. "If
you thought I wasn't the writer, why ask the question in the first place?"

"Let's see? Why did I?"

Han Sooyoung smiled leisurely. It wasn't that hard to guess. Han Sooyoung
asked if I had written Ways of Survival. My answer admitted that I knew about
Ways of Survival... damn. I decided to stop talking and ask the most important
question. "I will ask the last question."

The third question ticket has been used.

"How did you survive up to the 95th scenario? You definitely couldn't have
read Ways of Survival until the 95th scenario"

Then a deafening noise occurred downstairs. Along with a beeping sound, Lee
Hyunsung hurriedly rushed up the emergency stairs into the suite and shouted,

"Captain\! It is serious\!"

At the same time that Lee Hyunsung spoke, the two angels in my arms also sent
indirect messages.

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is shocked by something\!\]

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is warning you\!\]

Han Sooyoung's eyes flashed. "Your flowers..."

I ignored her and ran towards the outer window. I didn't know exactly what
happened. However, if I was right...

The shadow of a giant dragon flew outside the window. I wondered if someone
had awakened the Apocalypse Dragon but it wasn't possible. I gulped as I
watched the giant dragon flapping its wings in the sky. Yes, why didn't I see
it?

"Everyone, avoid it\! I will do it alone\!"

A woman in a white fur coat was leading the giant dragon. Beast Lord Shin
Yoosung. She was no longer a child and was guiding the party in the 95th
scenario. The chimera dragon, that had evolved beyond a first-grade monster to
special-grade, breathed out.

However, the overflowing flames weren't extinguished by the breath. Rather,
they blazed even more with the poisonous substance.

I knew these flames. The flames were the Hell Flames that blazed at the bottom
of Eden. I knew that the future had changed with Han Sooyoung's intervention.

However, this 1863rd turn was similar to the 1863rd turn I knew. For example,
the name of the last remaining archangel in this fallen world.

"Uriel."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is furious\!\]

There was an explosive current and the outer window of the building was broken
entirely. Shin Yoosung's chimera dragon was falling. I leapt out the window
and pierced through the wind. The helpless Shin Yoosung fell into my arms.

Shin Yoosung looked up at me with surprise. "Who...?"

"I'll stop the bleeding."

I triggered the Hit a Pressure Point skill and struck Shin Yoosung's neck and
arms. Then something waved inside me and a transparent string popped out from
my fingertips.

 The Fourth Wall is making a playful expression. 

I noticed what he was trying to do.

'But'.

 The Fourth Wall is looking sullen. 'Che'. 

I didn't want to tell the people of this world my story. It was strenuous and
unfair. There was also nothing they could do to help me. I landed lightly on
the ground and put Shin Yoosung down.

A little later, Lee Hyunsung descended to the ground while carrying Han
Sooyoung on his shoulder. Shin Yoosung staggered up and spoke towards Han
Sooyoung.

"...Captain, I'm sorry."

"It's okay."

Han Sooyoung jumped from Lee Hyunsung's shoulder and patted Shin Yoosung. I
felt very strange as I watched the scene. The existence that was originally
supposed to be in that place was Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Coat."

Han Sooyoung held out a hand and Lee Jihye took the white coat from Kim
Namwoon.

"Here it is, Master."

The white coat reduced its size to fit Han Sooyoung's body. I didn't know if
it was my feeling but it looked cooler than my coat. Han Sooyoung raised the
collar of her coat and looked at Gwanghwamun.

The hell flames were burning in the dust cloud. The burnt constellations
screamed helplessly. The remnants of the stars were turning to ask one by one.

This was the field where the Archangel of Destruction, Uriel descended. I
watched the flames and asked Han Sooyoung. "...Do you know the reason why Uriel
came here?"

"What reason do you think?"

"The destruction of Eden."

"Your guess is right."

The flowers in my pocket trembled a the conversation.

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is asking what you mean\!\]

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is looking at you.\]

Of course, they didn't know what happened to Eden in the 1863rd round. In
fact, I didn't want them to know the truth. There were strange creatures
coming from every corner of Gwanghwamun where the white flames were burning.

The unnamed things. The beings were attracted to Uriel's presence and flocked
like moths towards the flames. I asked Han Sooyoung, "Do you need help?"

"Thank you for your help. The Archangel of Flames is difficult to deal with."

Yoo Joonghyuk waited for my orders and stared at me. Han Sooyoung continued
speaking. "If this continues, someone can die."

I bit my lips. This round wasn't my round. Yoo Joonghyuk didn't have any
colleagues in this round. "Yoo Joonghyuk. Stop Uriel."

At my words, Yoo Joonghyuk moved. In fact, I hadn't wanted to do this. Uriel
discovered Yoo Joonghyuk and shouted as she lost her temper.

Ahhhhhhh\!

It was natural. One of the reasons why Eden was destroyed was right before her
eyes. The furious Uriel unleashed a wave of hell flames and Yoo Joonghyuk's
Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship cut off the wave. The terrifying collision
generated a tremendous shockwave in the sky.

The third round Yoo Joonghyuk and Uriel wouldn't have believed it if they saw
the scene. I didn't want them to see it either. I wanted this scene to remain
in my head.

The vibrations from the flowers in my pocket were becoming worse. The
impatient Gabriel couldn't bear it and spoke in her true voice.

\[Why is Uriel attacking him? You know something. Right?\]

I nodded.

\[Tell me quickly\! Otherwise\]

"What good is it to say it?"

There was nothing that could be changed. No, maybe it shouldn't be changed.
This fight was caused by the events of the 1863rd turn. Uriel's fury was
justified and Yoo Joonghyuk had to endure the fury.

I watched with clenched fists. Han Sooyoung spoke in an admiring voice by my
side. "You really can control Yoo Joonghyuk. I honestly didn't believe it."

"Can you stop the rest?"

"No problem. Ah, I'll give you a reward."

Han Sooyoung continued speaking. "Didn't you ask me earlier? Why I could
survive to this scenario."

\[The character 'Han Sooyoung' is talking about the story 'Predictive
Plagiarism'.\]

"This is the answer."

A white light emerged from Han Sooyoung's body. Her eyes shone brightly as she
read the patterns of the incoming monsters.

...Future Sight? There was no doubt. I didn't know the principles but it was
unmistakable an ability like Future Sight. It was an ability that wasn't in
the original novel.

 There is nothing new under the sun. Everything that is written is a
modification of what has already been written. 

Han Sooyoung's story started flowing out in its entirety. She smashed Unbroken
Faith towards the necks of the approaching monsters and laughed.

"I'm a first-rate writer. In addition, Ways of Survival is a collection of
cliches at best. Do you think it's hard to predict the development? In the
end, it's just a repetition of patterns."

Han Sooyoung skillfully read the patterns and hunted the monsters. I watched
the scene for a while and said, "Did you survive because of that?"

I had to admit that it was an excellent ability.

"Ways of Survival is a story full of complicated settings. Even if you are a
writer, there are things you can do and things you can't do."

"Yes, you are right."

The next moment, a white light rose from Han Sooyoung's body and countless
clones rushed out. 10, 20, 30... in an instant, there were 100 clones holding
Unbroken Faith.

"If there was only one of me."

Han Sooyoung swung the sword in her hand and hundreds of Han Sooyoungs jumped
into the battlefield at the same time. They weren't afraid of death and
carefully attacked the unnamed things. Han Sooyoung continued to split apart.

"However, what if it becomes two or three?"

The things that one person could do were different from what 100 people could
do. The things that 100 people could do were different from what 1,000 people
could do.

"Do you know? Things that will take one person a lifetime to do can be done by
10,000 people in two days."

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

Many voices pushed towards me at once, enough to overload me. The voices soon
produced a single image. I realized it was the landscape of Han Sooyoung's
mind. Numerous Han Sooyoungs were meeting there to conceive the world.

.

.

 This is wrong. 

 The next development is like this. I'm sure he'll emerge. 

 No, this is right. Archangel Uriel... 

 Let's do a majority vote. 

.

.

Simulations of the world were drawn by Han Sooyoung. Perhaps Yoo Joonghyuk
wasn't the only regressor.

In someone's head, millions of worlds were born and broken. It was because a
small mistake was made or because there was a very small defect. It was a
scene where a story that pursued the extreme piled up.

I fell into Han Sooyoung's story. The life of this story was sad and
beautiful. Some were agreeable developments. Some were developments I hadn't
even thought about.

I didn't want to admit it but I had to. Some reproductions went beyond the
original. It was an effort to create a perfect 'single development'. This
world was the result of Han Sooyoung's plan.

I raised my head and looked at Yoo Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk kept swinging his
sword even when his skin was torn and blood splashed. It was Uriel fighting
against such a Yoo Joonghyuk.

No colleagues would die. No destruction would happen. A world where everyone
could gather their strengths and reach the 'last scenario'.

Dammit, I had no choice but to agree. In order for this world to be completed,
Yoo Joonghyuk...

Han Sooyoung stared at me. She seemed to understand what I was thinking. "You
know it by now. I don't need him in this world."

The plagiarist, who dreamt of a world beyond the original, told me,

"I know how to kill Yoo Joonghyuk."


