### Chapter 304: Ep. 57 - Glorious Return, V

Why was Yoo Joonghyuk here? I was confused as I guided the returnees to safely
land on the ground. In front of the monument, Yoo Joonghyuk scattered a heavy
status and the returnees nervously stepped back. Flying Fox asked, "Brother,
this person...?"

"Get back and I'll talk to him." I signalled to Flying Fox and slowly
approached Yoo Joonghyuk. After all, our aim was to leave a marker on the
base. The scenario was completed once we accomplished this.

The moment I got within a few dozen meters of Yoo Joonghyuk, the momentum
flowing from Yoo Joonghyuk's body changed. I gulped and opened my mouth. "Yoo
Joonghyuk."

Understandably, my voice wouldn't be delivered properly.

"Get lost. Please."

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't move. Yoo Joonghyuk would've become stronger, just as I
become stronger after going to the 1863rd round. Based on what I felt, I
couldn't guarantee the outcome. Then there was only one way.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

This way, my body would pass out and I would transfer to Yoo Joonghyuk...

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' is cancelled.\]

\[Your complex understanding of this person is insufficient\!\]

\[There isn't enough comprehension to understand the current state of this
person.\]

...What? I stepped back with surprise. This was the first time. This was
definitely the third round. It wasn't the 1863rd round that I didn't know
well.

The Yoo Joonghyuk in front of me felt strange. What happened in the last three
years?

"Brother\! Avoid it\!"

If I hadn't been pushed by Flying Fox, I would've been cut by Yoo Joonghyuk's
blade. Flying Fox exclaimed. "Let's do it together\! I think he's dangerous\!"

"...It isn't possible."

"Why? Do you know him?"

I stared at Flying Fox. "He is my colleague."

The words that came out of my mouth were funny. I felt I could understand Yoo
Joonghyuk's feelings in the past.

Yoo Joonghyuk and I didn't fit well. Our personalities were different and the
way we carried out the scenarios differed. The way we communicated with others
was also different. Nevertheless, we saved each other's lives on a number of
occasions and arrived here.

"...Thus, he can't be killed."

I put my hand into my coat. Just as Yoo Joonghyuk had his own beliefs, I had
my own beliefs.

\[Blade of Faith is activated\!\]

It wasn't my Unbroken Faith. This blade was much glossier than my sword. It
was the one that belonged to the 1863rd round Han Sooyoung. The ether that
rose from the Blade of Faith was a deep black.

\[The rating of this item doesn't match the fairness level of the scenario.\]

\[The item's stats are partially adjusted.\]

The Unbroken Faith of the 95th scenario that was refined using Han Sooyoung's
method.

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were shaking slightly. I couldn't see what I looked like
now. Perhaps the ether blade being swung was like a giant tentacle.

"Stop it, Yoo Junghyuk. I have no intention of fighting."

How could I not fight against Yoo Joonghyuk? How could I tell him that I was
Kim Dokja? The moment I avoided Yoo Joonghyuk's blade, I had a flash of a
thought.

...Wait a minute, perhaps? I couldn't be sure. In addition, the effect would be
distorted because of the scenario penalty. Still, it was better than doing
nothing.

\[You have triggered the item Midday Tryst.\]

\[The connection with the current target is good.\]

\[Due to the scenario penalty, the item username has been changed to 'Ugly
Squid'.\]

I immediately sent a message to Yoo Joonghyuk.

Yoo Joonghyuk\! I am Kim Dokja\! Don't cut me\!

The Midday Tryst. It was an item used for communication when Yoo Joonghyuk had
died one day. Surprisingly, the item was still valid.

\[The scenario penalty has distorted the message sent.\]

Come on, sunfish.

...Son of a bitch. The distortion went this far? I was slightly vigilant as I
watched Yoo Joonghyuk. The contents were strange but the fact that Yoo
Joonghyuk received the message was important.

The Midday Tryst was an item that could only be used between set people. The
name might've changed but the quick-witted Yoo Joonghyuk should guess my
identity just by receiving the message.

Yoo Joonghyuk\! I said stop\! I am Kim Dokja\!

\[The scenario penalty has distorted the message sent.\]

I am the king of the sea.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me for a moment and slowly lowered his sword. I took a
deep breath. Did he finally notice?

A huge stream of air flowed from Yoo Joonghyuk's body. His whole body was
covered with a blue light before emitting a golden torrent. Yoo Joonghyuk
released his transcendent power.

I panicked and asked, "...Yoo Joonghyuk?"

My head was pounding. If I was Yoo Joonghyuk, I would've noticed my existence
just by receiving a message. Then why? The moment the two swords collided, my
body was bounced back. There was a shock that seemed to break my wrist and a
single question rose.

 Why was Midday Tryst activated? 

Midday Tryst was a temporary item. After a certain time elapsed, the period of
use had to be extended by paying additional coins. Yet Midday Tryst was
activated without any delay. In other words, someone had been extending that
period of time.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is telling the giant story 'Demon Realm's
Spring'.\]

Finally, Yoo Joonghyuk opened the giant story. At this moment, I realized. Now
Yoo Joonghyuk was sincere.

"Dammit...\!"

I didn't back down and faced him.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is being told.\]

I wouldn't lose if it was the same big story. In the first place, I was the
best speaker for this story. I aimed the status of a demon king towards Yoo
Joonghyuk who was running away.

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is opening the status of a demon
king\!\]

A huge fortress was seen in the center of Seoul. It was my industrial complex
that was once located in the 73rd Demon Realm. It was sent to Seoul with the
help of Secretive Plotter. I would never lose as long as the industrial
complex was here.

\[The demonic energy in Seoul is raising your status\!\]

Black wings tore from my spine. The dark attributed poured into the ether
blade of Unbroken Faith. The transcendent sword and Blade of Faith clashed and
caused a roar. The first conflict was intense.

Yoo Joonghyuk and I were both pushed back a step and at the same time, we
wielded our swords to each other again. Unbelievable explosions occurred as
the sword and sword hit each other. We struck, struck and struck each other
again. We fought desperately as if it was the only conversation we could share
with each other.

I couldn't believe it. I knew that Yoo Joonghyuk was strong. I expected him to
become stronger in the meantime.

However, I didn't expect him to be this strong. I couldn't win against Yoo
Joonghyuk despite using Way of the Wind and Electrification. Yoo Joonghyuk's
expression didn't change as he stood there like a solid wall.

I couldn't help smiling. I thought this whole thing was a misunderstanding. I
thought Yoo Joonghyuk attacked me because he didn't recognize me.

Nevertheless, it wasn't like that. Throughout the fight, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't
say a word. He was a born swordsman and had written his story with the sword
for countless years. Thus, I could see it.

\[Your understanding of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has increased\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk recognized me and knew I would come here. I didn't know how it
was possible but it was obvious. He was waiting for me here. The battle was
temporarily interrupted by a child who jumped in the way.

"Stop it\! Joonghyuk ahjussi\! Stop it\!"

It was Shin Yoosung. The small child stood in front of me and started weeping.

"This squid is Dokja ahjussi\!"

In the end, I remained silent. I looked around and saw the party members
gathered. Jung Heewon's expression was stiff, Lee Jihye looked worried and Lee
Gilyoung was excited. I could feel eyes looking at me from the top of the
Demon Realm's fortress.

...It was a person I had long resented at one time.

The inhabitants of the Demon Realm were also seen. They were people I met in
the 73rd Demon Realm. Aileen was there, Mark as well. Perhaps she ran from a
distance as the panting Han Sooyoung looked down at me from a nearby high-rise
building.

The history of my life was gathered in one place. However, none of them
interfered in the fight.

Yoo Joonghyuk stopped before raising his blade again. It was like he didn't
hear Shin Yoosung's words.

Shin Yoosung shouted again, "Uh... t-that is actually a lie\! That isn't Dokja
ahjussi\! I-It is just a disaster I tamed\! A monster I tamed\! I'll control
him well so please forgive me\!"

"Yoosung."

I stretched out a hand and placed it on Shin Yoosung's shoulder. Then Jung
Heewon pulled Shin Yoosung back with her. Jung Heewon's steadfast eyes were
shaking. At this moment, I realized something.

Yes, it was like this. I lowered my head and Jung Heewon avoided my gaze.

\[Your understanding of the character 'Jung Heewon' has rapidly increased\!\]

I looked back and saw Yoo Joonghyuk approaching. Yoo Joonghyuk was gathering
the energy of the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship. The ultimate technique was
being prepared at the tip of Yoo Joonghyuk's blade.

I nodded. Yoo Joonghyuk probably had something he wanted to prove to me.

"Bring it on, Yoo Joonghyuk."

The moment I raised my sword, Yoo Joonghyuk and I clashed head on. There was a
blinding glare right under my nose.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' has entered the channel\!\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has entered the
channel\!\]

\[Multiple constellations are entering the channel\!\]

The constellations felt our clash and entered the channel.

\[The constellation 'King Heungmu the Great' is surprised at your status\!\]

\[The constellation 'One-eyed Maitreya' is admiring the incarnation Yoo
Joonghyuk.\]

Some constellations were shocked to see Yoo Joonghyuk and I.

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' realizes something and is
sighing.\]

Some were surprised in a completely different sense. The sound of an explosion
occurred again and I rolled across the ground. My eyes peered at the sky
through the dust while gazes poured down on me. Laughter emerged. "...It is
dirty."

I hadn't used all the means available to me but I didn't want to. It was a
confrontation of pure power and I was pushed back by Yoo Joonghyuk. The sound
of Yoo Joonghyuk's footsteps approaching was heard.

His Black Heavenly Demon Sword stabbed the ground right next to my head. Yoo
Joonghyuk stared down at me with his distinctive eyes. I watched him and
spoke,

"Take a look. Hey."

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't say anything but I could tell. Perhaps this was what Yoo
Joonghyuk wanted to prove. This was Yoo Joonghyuk's last three years. This was
what he really wanted to say.

I laughed. "I didn't take care of it."

The towering monument behind Yoo Joonghyuk was shining. The base that was the
goal. One man was talking from the monument.

"Hey Brother\! I just write here?"

The moment the surprised Yoo Joonghyuk turned around, Flying Fox moved his
feet. He quickly kicked and carved a stylish marker on the monument. It was a
phrase I told him in advance.

\[The 163rd returnees group has cleared the scenario\!\]

My body was covered in smoke. To be exact, it wasn't just me but the other
returnees. The appearance of the returnees was changing inside the smoke.

\[You are no longer a disaster.\]

In the pupils of my party members, my figure lying on the ground could be
seen. Shin Yoosung burst into tears and ran over. I patted the child who was
in my arms.

"It has been three years. Three years..."

Lee Gilyoung belatedly ran over and hugged my waist while crying.

"Hyung, I knew you were alive\! I knew from the beginning that you were Dokja
hyung\!"

\[You have met the clear conditions for Main Scenario 45 - Glorious Return\!\]

\[The rewards for the scenario are being prepared.\]

\[You have met the progress conditions of the 46th main scenario\!\]

I hugged the children and slowly stood up. The top of the monument was clearly
visible in the dusty sky. I pointed to the monument.

"It is a commemorative gift."

\[The name of the nebula you belong to is officially announced.\]

\[The site of the nebula you belong to has been established.\]

The marking on the monument was as followed:

Kim Dokja's Company.

I arbitrarily decided the name of the nebula. The party members approaching
this way looked at me in a dumbfounded manner. Lee Jihye has swollen eyes
while Han Sooyoung sighed and shook her head. I watched them and wondered,
"Are you going to join me?"

I could see the faces of the upcoming party members. One person, one person.
They were all the people I wanted to see. The moment I opened my arms to the
running group members, a stinging pain struck the back of my head. In my
gradually blurring consciousness, I could see Jung Heewon's face.

"This man, lock him up."


