### Chapter 51: Ep. 11  Night of the Prophets, II

"A prophet like us?"

"Yes. At first, I didn't realize he was a prophet. Now it looks like he is. He
knew the future like you."

"...Then?"

"It seems like he knows a lot more than you do. He killed the Delusional Demon
and gobbled up the hidden scenarios in the beginning. Thanks to that, my plan
became twisted."

"T-There is a guy like that...?"

Of course there was. The person was right in front of you.

"He even seems to be impersonating me. When I encountered him last time, he
was on the verge of death but he is still likely to be active near Chungmuro."

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' admires your impudence.\]

"...Chungmuro? Don't tell me?"

Jung Minseob was surprised and opened his smartphone, tapping the keyboard
like Lee Sungkook. Maybe he was informing the other prophets.

Jung Minseob asked me a few more questions and I answered them briefly.

"It is like this\! Ah... then the third regression changed... You really are Yoo
Joonghyuk."

Jung Minseob was deeply impressed.

"That's why you got that girl instead of the Delusional Demon. She seems
enough to replace Kim Namwoon. She overpowered me in one blow..."

The most important thing was their misunderstanding.

Jung Minseob thought for a while before saying, "But when listening to Yoo
Joonghyuk's story, I seem to know who killed the Delusional Demon."

"...You know?"

"Yes. I said this before... let me tell you this in advance, not all prophets
are on the same side."

I expected to hear this conversation. If there were 48 who knew the future,
there would be some people who thought wrongly.

"There are those who call themselves the Twelve Apostles. They believe they
are the only ones who have read the real revelation and that they can change
this world."

12 people. It was an exact match to the number of people who read up to
chapter 50 of Ways of Survival.

"Why are they different from you?"

"They... they have read more of the revelation than us."

I was right.

"Right now, there are 11 known apostles. I'm guessing that the prophet that
Yoo Joonghyuk-nim met is the last unknown apostle."

As they were creative people, they adapted when thrown into the scenario. This
was a convenient misunderstanding. No, wait a minute... a misunderstanding?

If I thought about it, one of the 12 people who read up to chapter 50 would be
me.

"You don't have any good feelings towards the apostles?"

"To tell the truth... that's right. Unlike us, they are planning to use the Book
of Revelation to conquer this world."

...Why was my conscience pricked?

"They are the ones who pursue their own interests and sincerity rather than
stop the destruction of the world by helping Yoo Joonghyuk. They are like the
10 Evils."

"10 Evils..."

"That's why I would like to ask Yoo Joonghyuk-nim. Please lead us. Stop them."

I see. This was their real purpose. To be honest, it was a bit surprising. I
never thought they would need me because of infighting between the prophets. I
thought for a moment before opening my mouth.

"Okay. I accept. I will form an alliance."

"R-Really?"

"However, I have one condition."

Lee Sungkook and Jung Minseob's faces were tense as they waited for the
conditions.

"First, give me Changsin Station."

"Huh? Changsin Station..."

"It is the station right above Dongmyo. Haven't you eaten it already?"

"Ah, then Chungmuro's target station..."

Jung Minseob seemed to know something. In fact, this was the most major part
of this alliance.

In Struggle for the Flag, the target that I must occupy was Changsin Station.
If I couldn't take it, I wouldn't be able to finish the fourth scenario even
if I walked the King's Road to the end. If I didn't complete the fourth
scenario, both me and my group would automatically die.

By the way, Lee Sungkook's expression was strange.

"Excuse me, Yoo Joonghyuk-nim. I'm really sorry... this is a bit difficult."

"Why?"

"The owner of Changsin Station isn't a member of our group."

"It isn't yours?"

It was strange. It was because Dongmyo Station was right before it.

Lee Sungkook said with a sigh, "The 'Tyrant King' has occupied it."

The Tyrant King. My blood ran cold.

"...He has already become a king?"

One of Seoul's Seven Kings, the Tyrant King. He was one of the few people who
could be compared to Yoo Joonghyuk at this point.

Shouldn't it take a few days until he blossomed as a king? The guy who started
at Dobong Station had already come down this far? It didn't make sense no
matter how I thought about it.

Lee Sungkook received my gaze and looked down.

"Actually... some of the prophets made a few mistakes and his power suddenly
rose. In the midst of taking some prophets, he took the station... at the time,
Prophets had 53 members."

Suddenly, their credibility declined sharply. When I thought about it, I
didn't know the beginning of the novel well without help. Why did I think
these people would do well?

"D-Don't worry too much about it. We are preparing a powerful weapon to
eliminate the Tyrant King. It isn't just the Tyrant King. It is a weapon to
deal with the Twelve Apostles."

Jung Minseob agreed.

"Maybe Yoo Joonghyuk-nim doesn't know it well. We worked very hard to figure
out the revelations..."

No, I knew. These guys shouldn't be alone. I had to end it before these people
could ruin the story.

"Ah, this is good. Sooner or later, you will have a chance to see the weapon."

"A chance to see the weapon?"

"Tomorrow, with the exception of the Twelve Apostles, the Night of the
Prophets will be held. I-If you don't mind..."

Jung Minseob's eager eyes turned to me.

"Yoo Joonghyuk-nim, I want you to come with us."

  

* * *

  

After the talk, Jung Heewon, Lee Hyunsung and I gathered in the accommodations
provided by Lee Sungkook. I looked at the flag of Chungmuro Station.

Throughout the afternoon, my flag was changed to 'navy' due to the transfer of
Dongdaemun Station and Cheonggu Station.

\[You have used the benefits of the navy flag.\]

\[From now on, you can use the 'group chat' with the group members.\]

From now on, we didn't have to worry about conversations. The group chat
couldn't be intercepted unless another group member was in the same area.

I briefly explained to them about what happened today. Jung Heewon vaguely
noticed but Lee Hyunsung was surprised.

Oh my god, it is unbelievable. They know part of the future... that's why
Dokja-ssi is acting as Yoo Joonghyuk?

Yes.

Sigh... Then we should stay here for the moment. We need to find out more
information about them...

Nope.

Huh?

Today I will take care of them.

I looked at Jung Heewon and said.

I'm sorry Jung Heewon-ssi.

Its okay... I am just a bit hurt.

...

I'm just joking. Isn't Dokja-ssi playing a gangster right now? If you are
sorry, let me deal with that jerk from before.

Jung Heewon smiled and continued.

Then tonight will be a hot night?

H-Hot...?

Lee Hyunsung was freaked out by Jung Heewon's joke. I shook my head.

I have something to do first.

Something to do?

Now all of them are moving. It will be difficult.

I took out a small cloak as I finished speaking. My figure suddenly
disappeared and Lee Hyunsung spoke with confusion.

Eh? Dokja-ssi?

I will give you a signal. Then you will move.

It was a gold member's privilege item, 'Recluse's Cloak' which was purchased
for 3,000 coins.

It was a five time consumable item but it could maintain 'absolute stealth'
for 20 minutes once the ability was activated.

I melted into the darkness. It was useless against opponents with Absolute
Senses Lv. 6 or higher but no one had such skills here.

I passed by the drowsy guards and arrived at Han Donghoon's tent. There was
Sound Wave Blocking around the tent so I wasn't worried about anyone
overhearing once I entered.

He carefully opened the tent and saw a boy sitting at the keyboard alone. The
dark circles were thicker than they were in the daytime.

A solitary boy commenting alone. The Prophets had turned this boy into a worn-
out machine. A propaganda machine that manipulated the future by scattering
information that mixed fiction with truth. It didn't have much effect right
now but the value of this boy would grow over time.

I quietly approached from behind and blocked his mouth. Han Donghoon gasped
and struggled, but it was impossible to resist me with a level 10 strength.

I put my hand in my pocket and pulled out the Mental Awakening medicine that I
bought along with the Recluse's Cloak. It was a huge 3,000 coins.

It would be a lie if I said it wasn't regrettable, but if I could get the
Hermit King of Shadows with 3,000 coins, it would be a profitable transaction.

Some time after being fed the stimulant, Han Donghoon's eyes changed. The
Hypnosis effect was loosened and the boy's sense of reason started to return.

"U-Uhh, you..."

Hypnosis didn't mean that he forgot everything. In this little boy's head, all
types of trauma would be running through them. Once the Hypnosis slipped, his
sponsor would start to intervene to some extent.

\[The sponsor behind character 'Han Donghoon' has revealed himself.\]

\[The constellation 'Shadow behind the Curtain' has thanked you.\]

\[500 coins have been sponsored.\]

Han Donghoon stepped back while holding the flag in his hand. I watched the
flag closely and deliberately stepped away.

"Don't worry. I'm not here to snatch the flag."

"Uh-Uwah, ah..."

"You're smart so you should understand right away. If I wanted to harm you, I
wouldn't have released Hypnosis."

"T-T-Then."

"I want to be friends."

Han Donghoon's eyes shook. I waited for a moment. It was until the turbulence
in his head calmed down. But Han Donghoon wasn't able to speak easily. That
reminded me, this guy had a problem.

"Is it hard to speak directly? If you don't mind, I'd like to talk through
this."

Han Donghoon looked at the smartphone held in his hands and started muttering
something.

\[The character 'Han Donghoon' used 'Wide-area Internet Lv. 5' on your
smartphone.\]

\[You can use the Internet anywhere in 'Seoul Dome' unless the consciousness
of 'Han Donghoon' is interrupted.\]

After a while, Han Donghoon's name appeared in the smartphone messenger.

Who are you?

I've been looking for you.

Lee Sungkook also said that.

I suppose so.

I...

The boy's trembling fingers couldn't produce any more sentences. I
instinctively realized. It was impossible to persuade this boy right now.

For more than 10 days, the boy's wounds had festered to the point where it
couldn't be easily restored.

I understand you. It is scary and confusing.

\[The character 'Han Donghoon' is greatly disturbed.\]

Don't be ridiculous.

I am different from those people.

I can't believe you.

Don't you hate the Prophets?

Han Donghoon's eyes shook. Deep rooted resentment filled the boy's eyes due to
the hypnosis.

If you allow me to, I can get rid of them.

...Why? You are a prophet...

They shouldn't exist. They are interfering with the 'epilogue'.

Han Donghoon stared at me with eyes that couldn't understand and tapped on his
keyboard.

To me... What do you want? You will just use my abilities anyway.

I looked up and slowly opened my mouth.

No, it is just the opposite.

I stared into Han Donghoon's eyes as I spoke aloud.

"You don't have to do anything."

  

* * *

  

"Now those jerks time is over. It will all end tomorrow."

"Sigh... when this is over, I will have a bottle of soju."

"Yes. Did you see that bastard's eyes before? The Sage's Eye glared at me and
I almost had a heart attack."

"Haha, how did a guy who got off at the prologue know about the Sage's Eye?"

Cheerful voices. It was so exciting that I wanted to keep listening.

"Hey, the other prophets are still suspicious... how do I convince them? They've
been nagging me to go to Chungmuro..."

"Give me your phone and I will speak to them. At any rate... huh?" Jung
Minseob's face stiffened as he fiddled with the keyboard. "Why is the Internet
not working all of a sudden?"

"Is that brat sleeping again? Go check it out."

Jung Minseob was about to leave the tent when his body hit something. The
moment he stretched out a hand.

"W-What is this...?"

Chiiiiiing\!

"Aaaagh\!"

Jung Minseob fell onto the ground with a scream. I took off the Recluse's
Cloak and held the Blade of Faith.

"Y-Yoo Joonghyuk? How come?"

The confused Lee Sungkook stumbled while Jung Heewon poked her head in from
outside the tent.

"I took care of some of them. But there are too many people... I won't last
long."

Jung Heewon disappeared and the sound of fighting was heard from outside. Now
the guards will flock.

"D-Don't you know what will happen if you do this? Yoo Joonghyuk, you won't be
able to deal with all of us\!"

"All? I don't have to deal with everyone. I just need to handle you."

This remark made Lee Sungkook's lips twitch.

"I'm sorry Yoo Joonghyuk but I can't let"

Kudududuk\!

I lightly swept the ether blade towards the fallen Jung Minseob and cut the
armour he was wearing. Jung Minseob screamed.

"Aack\!"

His flesh was torn and a piece of cloth fell out. I picked up the piece of
cloth that had fallen out.

\[You have won the flag of the 'Dongmyo Group'.\]

\[Your navy flag has absorbed the cumulative achievements of the navy flag.\]

\[Your navy flag has evolved into a brown flag.\]

\[A strong flag protects you.\]

"You are the real representative of Dongmyo."

"H-How...?"

"No matter how stupid you guys are, you wouldn't show the flag so proudly."

In the first place, it was strange for them to give the representative
position to Han Donghoon. They knew the future and wouldn't give the
representative position to a character in the novel.

However, Lee Sungkook wasn't the representative. There was only one answer.

\[The remaining members of the Dongmyo Group are waiting for your decision.\]

Now the guards were meaningless. The hopeless Jung Minseob stuttered. "Y-Yoo
Joonghyuk\! The other prophets will know this..."

"How will you let them know when the Internet doesn't work?"

Lee Sungkook cried out as he realized that all their plans were broken.

"Why... why are you doing this to us?"

"Let's see.? This question is meaningless. Even if I was the 'real Yoo
Joonghyuk', I wouldn't form an alliance with guys like you."

"W-What... don't tell me...?"

I grinned at the pale-looking duo and laughed.

"You should've read to the end."


