### Chapter 408: Ep. 77 - Final Dragon, V

The dark but warm current of air approached us from behind. Since I knew whose
Status that was, a subtle little grin automatically formed on my lips.

\[To make <Underworld> be responsible for the Probability needed for
summoning...\]

"I'm still at an age where I'd like to rely on my parents."

\[I heard that youths of the Korean Peninsula become independent early in
their lives, but I guess I was wrong.\]

I recalled the day I left the relatives' place for lodging in a hostel. I was
seventeen back then.

I shrugged my shoulders and smiled. "Well, a young man like myself is needed
to keep the balance, you know."

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', has incarnated into the
scenario\!\]

Abruptly, a corner of my heart began tingling just a little. I ended up
remembering the empty spots reserved for my parents during school events, back
when I was still a student.

I always wondered how my friends felt back then. What did it feel like, having
someone fill up those spots, having someone who'd come to you when you called
out to them?

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', has unleashed her Status\!\]

And now, I thought I could finally understand what they felt back then.

Persephone stood beside me and while looking at Hades blocking the intense
wave of heat, spoke. \[But, we agreed that it's my turn to ride Pluto this
time... him and his short fuse.\]

The heat blocked by Hades spread out like ashes in the air. Perhaps realizing
that a powerful opponent had appeared, the Apocalypse Dragon strengthened its
momentum as well.

Kuwaaaaah-\!\!

Pluto at the far front was getting slowly pushed back as it continued to deal
with the intense heat. That made sense, though; Hades was yet to fully unleash
his Status.

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is wobbling as he looks back at
his wife.\]

\[I told you that it'd be not possible with you alone, didn't I?\]

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is looking at his wife with an
unfortunate expression.\]

Judging from the unfolding situation, I could more or less tell what was going
on here. On the armour of Pluto, with Hades inside, Stories were wiggling
about and going on a rampage.

\[Story, 'Listening to One's Wife Would Get You Tteok Even When You're Asleep'
has begun its storytelling\!\]

Persephone sighed grandly and raised her hands up as if to conduct a concert.
And right afterwards, small, musical-note-like objects began floating up from
the tips of her fingers.

Like the introduction of a classical piece, the Story started opening up.

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is mobilising <Underworld>'s
Probability\!\]

Hades wasn't the only ruler of <Underworld>. Indeed, Persephone was not 'Queen
Consort', but the 'Queen Regnant'. Meaning, these two possessed an equal
amount of shares of <Underworld>.

Hades's attributes were darkness and fire. The guardian of <Olympus>'s night
and hell was finally rousing up his true Status.

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is unleashing his Status\!\]

For a moment there, an incredible impact force akin to my entire body being
smacked around overwhelmed me. I wobbled about, my vision dizzily shaking
around, but still, I raised my head to see Pluto standing up there like an
incarnation of darkness and fire.

\[Final Scenario's Constellations are very dissatisfied\!\]

\[Final Scenario's Constellations are keeping a wary eye on 'Father of the
Rich Night'\!\]

\[Final Scenario's Constellations are complaining about <Underworld>'s
interference\!\]

\[A great number of Constellations are impressed by the participation of
'Father of the Rich Night'\!\]

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

Agni from <Vedas> was dead, while the Constellations tasked with dealing with
fire from both <Asgard> and <Emperor> had run off quite some time ago. As for
Surya, he was using the rays of light from himself to generate something
similar to flames and continue his fight that way, but half of his Story had
disintegrated already. This was the power of the Calamity that hundreds of
Constellations couldn't stop.

And Hades was blocking that Calamity by himself.

\[Hades, hasn't it been a while since you completely cut loose like this?\]

Hades roared out, and Persephone continued her vigorous conducting in synch
with his roar. Stories flowing out from her hands permeated into Pluto's
entire frame.

This was the power of <Underworld>, having long been obscured under
<Olympus>'s shadow. They were finally proving themselves.

\[Story Weapon, 'Pluto', is using the Star Relic, 'Aegis Shield'\!\]

Constellations from <Olympus> also added their powers, as well. Athena lent
her own shield, while others sacrificed Probability of their own Giant Stories
to lend their strengths.

Up until now, I always thought that the Constellations of the night sky
weren't all that impressive. But then, I realized for the first time ever,
today, that my thoughts should change.

\[Many Constellations are grateful for the King of Underworld's incarnation.\]

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are respectful of 'Father of the
Rich Night'.\]

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are singing the praises of 'Queen of
the Darkest Spring'\!\]

Now that I've gotten to witness Hades valiantly defending against the
destruction of the world, I could truly appreciate what 'myth' was for the
first time in my life.

The willingness to risk his life when confronted by the world's doom; maybe,
that was the epic of heroes that the 1st generation of Dokkaebis wanted to
show to the Constellations.

"Why are you so dazed like that? It's not over yet, so get your act together."

I looked back to find Yoo Joonghyuk and his stiff expression glaring at me. He
too had been sacrificing himself for the greater cause. What would he be
thinking of right now as he watched Hades?

\[Hahaha, hey, subway grasshopper man\! This is my true power\! Keke,
kekekeke\!\]

Kim Namwoon's voice came out from Pluto's head.

Ah, so he was also there, wasn't he.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is enjoying Pluto's madness.\]

Yup, definitely a couple from the original storyline...

\[Second Phase will come to an end soon.\]

In any case, the current situation was favourable for us. The flames of the
intense heatwave decreased at a rapid rate, and Hades was ably defending
against that. Pluto's durability seemed more than enough for the job at hand,
and the number of Constellations adding their Probability also was increasing
bit by bit.

How long passed by like that? Finally, the flames of the intense heatwave were
extinguished.

\[Second Phase has concluded.\]

\[Congratulations. You have safely negotiated the second shockwave of the
'First Tail-Flick'\!\]

We were able to withstand this phase, all because everyone worked together.

If Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung didn't try their best, if Lee Jihye didn't
charge forward with her battleship, if the Underworld's couple didn't arrive
on time...

If just one part of that was missing, then we couldn't have stopped it.

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are enjoying this 'Giant Story'.\]

\[Final Scenario's Constellations are uncomfortable with this 'Giant Story'.\]

Finally, we had managed to survive two out of the three phases.

All phases of the 'First Tail-Flick' needed to be subjugated at the beginning
in order to minimise the damage. If this was back in the original story,
dozens of Nebulas would have been destroyed by now and at least one-eighth of
the sky, crumbled away to oblivion.

And some spare time to get ready for the last phase should be given to us
again.

Ku-gugugugu\!

"Dokja-ssi\! Over there\!"

I quickly looked back after hearing Jung Heewon's voice, and discovered
something flooding out from the Apocalypse Dragon's tail.

But, the intense heatwave phase had come to an end already? This couldn't be.

Metatron spoke up as if to put a voice to my thoughts. \[It's a lot quicker
than expected.\]

\[Scenario's Probability is being adjusted due to the entrance of Myth-grade
Constellations.\]

\[Scenario's Probability has increased the phase progression speed.\]

\['Third Phase' will begin in thirty seconds.\]

As if to stop the start of the phase, Hades used his Status to pressure the
Apocalypse Dragon. Even Persephone and other Constellations were looking
really concerned right now.

\[...My son.\]

If the third phase got underway now, then not even Hades would be able to stop
it.

His attributes were darkness and fire; meaning, he was not a suitable
Constellation to defend against the third shockwave.

I asked Metatron. "How long until the seal is complete?"

\[I'm not certain if it can be done in time.\]

A faint trace of despair seemed to have dyed the Archangel's expression. He
must've been in the middle of finally realizing what he had done.

\[I shall buy us time.\]

It was Michael who said that; he had been saving up his Status up until now.
Maybe he was stimulated by Hades's actions earlier, because he began
unleashing all of his Status and flapping his wings.

He was half 'Good' and half 'Evil'.

Metatron looked at the Story appearing on Michael's face and spoke up.
\['Demon King of Salvation'. I'm sure you know this already. The third
shockwave can only be resisted by existences possessing the power of
'Chaos'.\]

The shockwave began stirring in the distance.

The previous two shockwaves we had experienced were, technically speaking, not
real 'shockwaves', but simply the harbinger of the third wave. What we were
about to face off against now was the true 'First Tail-flick' itself.

Metatron asked. \[You also have someone on your side with the power of
'Chaos', don't you?\]

I scanned my companions as well as other Constellations.

Honestly speaking, there was no point in doing that. Not even Yoo Joonghyuk
could use the 'Chaos' attribute.

Because 'Chaos' was not an attribute, but more like an anti-attribute, that
was why. Now originally, 'Chaos' was not a power Constellations or Demon Kings
were permitted to enjoy.

\[Power of 'Fruit of Good and Evil' is wiggling inside you.\]

But then, I was both a Constellation and a Demon King, an existence that
couldn't be categorised as either.

A Demon King who had consumed the 'Fruit of Good and Evil'.

\[It should be possible with you.\]

I nodded my head.

The nature of 'Chaos' was disorder. If it was me who went against the order of
both, it'd be possible to go up against the power of Chaos, too.

It was then, someone grasped my shoulder.

"I can also do this."

"Heewon-ssi?"

I saw the Ring of Chaos within Jung Heewon's eyes. Her hair, now bleached pure
white, slowly danced upwards under the mysterious and ominous aura.

I instantly realized what she had awakened as.

"Very well. Let's give it a shot."

I then looked up into the sky.

Actually, I had been searching for a certain Constellation's presence in the
night sky for a while now, but unfortunately, I couldn't sense it. If that guy
helped us out, we'd be able to overcome this somehow. I even had a plan in
mind for that, too...

\['Third Phase' is commencing\!\]

It seemed that it was too late now.

\[Demon King, 'King of the Corrupted Angels', is unleashing his Status\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Saviour of the Corrupted', is unleashing his Status\!\]

One existence who possessed two Modifiers  Michael displayed his true power
and rushed towards the forefront. Indeed, those Statuses were more than enough
to make him feel confident about himself.

\[Judgement Field.\]

His speciality that almost wrung me to death in the past began stretching out
towards the shockwave of Chaos. It was the wall of judgement, bestowed onto
this world through the divine grace.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!\!

The so-called invincible Field was easily shattered, however. Forget about
defending against the wave, it couldn't even buy one second. Michael screamed
loudly as he watched his \[Judgement Field\] shatter like glass.

The Calamity of the 89th scenario, the Chaos's shockwave that had far
surpassed that of the original storyline, proceeded to crush Michael's body
and utterly disintegrate him.

Yoo Joonghyuk's voice resounded out from behind me. "Dodge it\!\!"

It seemed that Yoo Joonghyuk had realized something was off. This shockwave
was definitely on another realm compared to the previous two.

I finished making up my mind and was about to step forward, but then, Jung
Heewon stood in my way.

"Heewon-ssi."

"Please shut up. I knew something like this would happen."

Her back, turned towards me, didn't show any movement  as if she knew what I
was trying to do. Lee Hyunsung's giant frame was still dangling on her back. I
saw his sleeping face, having fallen into the steel-like slumber in order to
protect someone.

I opened my lips again. "Heewon-ssi. If someone must risk their life, then..."

"Don't even try it. I'll really go crazy if you do."

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', has begun its storytelling.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling.\]

As if resonating with her emotions, the two Stories began telling their
stories. They were acquired through experiencing similar circumstances.

\[Stigma, 'Sacrifice's Will Lv.8', is currently active.\]

And this Stigma was acquired by going through similar situations, too. I was
aware of how much this Stigma hurt Jung Heewon.

Even then, I still had to say it. "If that wave isn't stopped here, Hyunsung-
ssi will die."

I had to become more callous than anyone.

"There is a way to stop that. If you were me, Heewon-ssi, what would you have
done?"

"I don't want to hear it, so please\!"

Jung Heewon turned around, her eyes red with tears.

"Yes, you do have a way\! I know already\! You're someone like that, Dokja-
ssi\! You always have a damn, stinking plan that only you know, and when you
use it, you'll end up dying\!"

"I think you're mistaken about something. I'm not going to die."

She didn't possess the skill \[Lie Detection\].

"Now is a different story compared to in the past. Heewon-ssi, you and our
other companions have changed, yes? I've chosen to do this because I believe
in you. That is why..." I spoke while turning my head away. "Heewon-ssi. You
must save me later."

I used the powers of \[Way of the Wind\] and \[Electrification\] to blow her
back to the rear.

"Kim Dokj...\!\!"

The moment I greeted the shockwave rushing towards my face, I roared out in my
true voice with everything I had. \[Surya\!\!\]

At the end of my roar, a train rushing forward from behind picked me up. As it
was created in haste, the train looked rather bizarre, what with only its
front portion existing.

\[Let's go.\]

As I sensed Surya's Status supporting me from behind, the train set off.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The train used the Giant Story as its fuel to advance forward  past the
fragments of Stories and towards the Chaos's shockwave.

Kwa-dudududuk\!\!

Accompanied by the impact force akin to my entire body being shattered into
pieces, the debris of the train flew about all over the place.

Michael's half-destroyed Incarnation Body trapped within the storm was now
looking at me. \[You bastard...\!\]

I went past him and continued to press forward. It felt as if my consciousness
was fading away. \[The Fourth Wall\] continued to issue warning bells, and all
the Stories I possessed screamed out in pain.

They were shouting out in one voice that we couldn't withstand this. That we'd
all die for sure.

Beyond the shockwave that reverted all existence back to nothingness, I felt
the Apocalypse Dragon's gaze land on me.

\[You cannot stop this.\]

I felt that gaze and smirked.

You're right. I can't stop you. Well, you're not a mere lifeform that can be
killed, but the 'calamity' itself, after all. You're 'something' that far
exceeds Constellations and Demon Kings.

There was no way that a lone Constellation could resist against such a
Calamity.

However, I knew of another Calamity of this magnitude.

\[Constellations of <Star Stream> have figured out your scheme and are
freaking out\!\]

\[Final Scenario's Constellations are greatly astonished by your plan\!\]

\[All Dokkaebis in the Bureau are looking at the scenario's Probability...\]

A scarcely-believable amount of sparks exploded and went on a frenzy in the
air. Simply trying to call out its name caused such a reaction. I let all the
Probability the Constellations had gathered explode out into the open space,
and called out the name of a certain creature one more time.

A creature that, even though they knew its true name, no one would dare to
invite to their scenario.

\[Come\! \!\!\]

Beyond the shockwave, <Star Stream>'s outer space could be seen; the storm of
aftermaths produced by the misaligned Probability was rushing in.

The march of the gigantic fog of darkness began erasing the traces of stars
and nebulas. I was overcome by shuddering powerful enough to nearly blank my
mind as the giant eye on the far, far side of that seemingly-infinite fog
fixed its gaze on this side.

I witnessed that thing back in the 73rd Demon Realm a while ago. Back then, it
was merely a clone. It was a different story this time, however.

\['Indescribable Distance' is looking down on 'Final Dragon of the Book of
Revelation'.\]

The Outer God born within the Chaos; the greater calamity that brought about
the destruction of my Demon Realm was now approaching the Isle of
Reincarnators.


