### Chapter 512: Ep. 99 - The Oldest Dream, I

Within this faint light gently and warmly embracing his entire body, the Wenny
King was curled up in a fetal position, dreaming of a certain dream.

That was a very ancient dream. A tale from well before his  had been
decided.

He was collapsed on the floor of a tainted forest.

 Epsilon\! We only have to go a little bit further. The Demon King's castle
is almost within reach\!

In this tale, he was a warrior subjugating the Demon King. A warrior that had
set off on the Demon King subjugation expedition to protect his world.

Unfortunately, he didn't get to fulfil his long-cherished desire. Just before
the subjugation went underway, he had to close his eyes, his friend's face the
last thing he saw.

 ...Gilbert.

The scene changed, and now it displayed a warzone.

He was now a man from Murim, kitted out in a set of black-coloured garments of
a nightly operative.

 Senior brother Kwok\! The main base of the demonic cult bastards is right
over there\!

He saw the face of his companion filling up his view. Longing quickly filled
him up. She was the person he loved the most out of all the lives he had
lived.

 ...It's too late for me. Junior sister, please go on ahead.

A whistling noise of an arrow flying in from somewhere later, his vision
blackened once more.

His head was pounding away. As memories overflowed, the Wenny King's ego was
shaking unsteadily.

Were these scenes from his own memories or stories from the Final Wall?

Where did this story begin, and where would it end?

Independent of his will, the tale continued on.

He was now a young hatchling.

He was also a monstrous creature without a name.

He was an expert from Murim, and also a knight from medieval times.

And every time that happened, he was an Incarnation clearing the scenarios.

The last thing he heard in front of the \[Final Wall\] was the voice coming
from a shadow without a name.

 My friend. Even during our next life, accompany me.

He gasped out loudly and opened his eyes, only to be greeted by the pitch-
black darkness. The cold sweat soaking the nape of his neck sent deathly
chills all over his body.

'I'm the Wenny King'.

That was his name. He did have a real name, but that had been forgotten a long
time ago. No, he couldn't even be certain whether that was really his name or
not.

'...Am I really the Wenny King?'

Within the swirling pitch-black vacuum, the Wenny King fell into deep
contemplation. It was the kind of contemplation he had never entertained after
surpassing the limits of mortality.

'Who am I?'

The Story acting as the foundation of his existence was now shaking
unsteadily. In order to regain himself at any cost, he began ruminating over
his own memories.

In the beginning, there was a Wenny.

He was the first storyteller. A human that sang about Stories.

But one day, Dokkaebis appeared in the world, and...

And those Dokkaebis took away the Wenny's song.

That was all he needed to remember.

Remember that those damned Dokkaebis took away the Wenny's song; remember the
fact that they expelled him from the <Star Stream>'s scenarios by stealing
away his nativity Story.

\[You look confused, my old friend.\]

The Wenny King was startled by that true voice and hurriedly looked behind
him. The face of the Dokkaebi King was floating within the pitch-black
darkness.

\[Dokkaebi King\!\]

The former growled and unleashed his Status. However, things didn't go
according to plan. Within this space where nothing existed, the Status he
emitted only left behind faint sparks.

The Dokkaebi King spoke with a disinterested expression.

\[You aren't allowed to fight in here. Our powers aren't valid in this
place.\]

\[...You somehow managed to survive. I thought that you died at the blade of
that puppet.\]

\[It's not much different from having died already. And, will die again,
too.\]

In the spot where the Dokkaebi King's gaze landed, they could see a circular
exit of light swirling around. The soul forms of these two beings were slowly
heading towards that exit.

The Wenny King shouted out. \[No, hold on\! My Story has just begun\! I will
be crossing over the 'Final Wall'\! I shall encounter the lazy god that
imagined everything of this world, and become the sole creature that knows the
secret of this world\!\!\]

\[Are you that curious about this world's secret?\]

\[You speak of something obvious. There isn't a single creature not curious
about the origin of their own birth.\]

\[And that's precisely the reason why creatures become unhappy.\]

The Dokkaebi King spoke in a self-deprecating manner.

\[Why do you think creatures possess the wonderful ability called
'forgetfulness'?\]

The Story debris was scattering away within the darkness. Stories that had
lost their contexts became just lumps of texts and slowly broke away. They
were now stories that no one could read anymore.

The Dokkaebi King gently caressed them, before crushing that Story into
powder.

\[There are far too many unnecessary stories in this universe. A process is
required in order to eliminate them and to optimise everything. That is what
'forgetfulness' is.\]

\[Rubbish\! The universe is infinite. Just like how the end of the 'Final
Wall' doesn't exist.\]

\[Even if there are plenty of blank margins left on the Wall, just how much of
that do you think is permitted to the measly extras?\]

The Dokkaebi King looked down at his own body slowly crumbling away.

\[Unfortunately, the protagonist the 'Final Wall' has chosen is neither you or
me.\]

\[I don't know what rubbish you're trying to spew here, but...\!\]

\[Even then, you shall soon meet the one you so dearly wished to meet.\]

It was then the Wenny King's shoulders flinched.

The exit of light could be seen. It was such a rapturous, resplendent light.
The exit was spinning vigorously and it somewhat resembled a full stop of a
certain world.

The Wenny King suddenly grew scared.

\[You, have you seen what's beyond that?\]

The Dokkaebi King didn't reply immediately. He had this expression of boredom
as if all sentences held no meaning after the full stop itself. Still, he did
add a comment in the end.

\[What meaning is there, anyway?\]

\[What?\]

\[I'm saying, what meaning is there to knowing that this world was just a
portion of a vast dream?\]

His words contained endless futility of it all.

The Wenny King couldn't understand what was being said.

The light was getting brighter, yet the expression on the Dokkaebi King was
getting blurrier. Soon, the exit of light was literally right before his nose.
The worried Wenny King asked.

\[...Why did you continue on with <Star Stream> until now?\]

Maybe that question was unexpected? The Dokkaebi King's expression changed
bizarrely. He quietly stared at the Wenny King, before making his reply.

\[I wonder. I can't remember it anymore.\]

In that moment, several Stories overlapped on the Dokkaebi King's face.

At once, he looked like a warrior subjugating the Demon King, an expert from
the dangerous world of Murim battling the demonic sect, and a hatchling
spreading its wings towards the wide-open sky. He was...

\[...You-\!\]

\[Kim Dokja has opened a door that should've never been opened. And so, this
world will forever be mired in misfortune.\]

At the end of those words, the world was blanketed by pure light. They had
finally reached the exit. The Wenny King staggered unsteadily and set foot
inside that light. He brushed past the rays of light and tread forward little
by little.

The answer was here.

The 'Oldest Dream' that created this world was here.

However, the Wenny King couldn't see anything.

The noisy blaring of hooters could be heard coming from somewhere. A thick,
choking smell that wetted his nose; it became harder and harder to breath. His
body began burning up under the rays of light.

As if, this blank margin wasn't permitted to him.

\[I told you. This story is neither yours or mine.\]

Along with the Dokkaebi King's words, the Wenny King's body began melting
down.

\[We are simply tools of this world. That's all.\]

Ah, aaaah...

Even though his legs melted away, followed by his torso, the Wenny King never
shifted his gaze away from the spectacle before his eyes.

That was where the Oldest Dream was. The secret of everything in this world
was there. That something he had been searching for forever was there.

The Wenny King saw it. And then, finally understood what the Dokkaebi King was
saying earlier.

That, that is indeed...

The Wenny King wished to shout out so desperately. To shout out, please look
this way. Please, I'm right here. Please, look at me just once.

And then, 'that' slowly shifted its head.

However, by the time its gaze reached where the Wenny King was, the latter was
no longer existing in that place.

So, 'that' shifted its head away.

And, while keeping its head down, it began muttering about something once
more.

  

* * *

  

Cough.

I felt something scratchy inside my mouth after coughing a bit. I spat out the
stuffed-up breath, and insect-like things leaked out. I took a look and
realized that they were letters.

Sensations returned and my vision brightened. I saw the letters emitting
bright white light before my eyes. They were of familiar contents.

Just where is this...?

"Dokja-ssi? You might get sucked into the book if you do that."

Suddenly, the back of my neck grew cold. That was a familiar voice, and with
words I had heard somewhere before. Horrifying imagination made a right old
mess of my mind. I once thought that if I destroyed the \[Final Wall\],
something like this might happen. However, to think that such a thing would
really...

Then, accompanied by flapping noises, torn bits of paper danced around before
my eyes. I took another closer look and discovered someone lightly shaking a
book around.

"...Sangah-ssi."

Yoo Sangah was standing before my eyes.

The surrounding view gradually grew clearer. It was the view of discarded
books forming small mounds, as well as bookshelves lining up with nary a space
in between. All illuminated by the faint light from a lantern. This wasn't the
subway.

This was the location I was quite familiar with.

Yoo Sangah grinned brightly.

"This place feels so cosy to me now."

We were inside \[The Fourth Wall\].

"...What happened?"

"Even if you ask me... I also woke up just now. Should we go and look for my
librarian seniors?"

As Yoo Sangah shrugged her shoulders and began scanning the surroundings, I
quickly organised what happened to us so far in my head.

We had gathered all the fragments of the \[Final Wall\] and eventually
brought it down.

The memory of the 'square circle' spinning around was still vivid in my mind.

...And then? What happened afterwards?

What about the other companions?

Do n't wo rry Kim Dok ja.

A voice I thought I could never hear again entered my ears. I shouted out in
happiness.

"The Fourth Wall\!"

Si len ce in the lib rary.

This was definitely \[The Fourth Wall\] that I remembered, that sly
playfulness included. Separate from how happy I was, though, my puzzlement
only grew even bigger, instead.

Why was I inside \[The Fourth Wall\] right now?

"Dokja-ssi?"

More voices could be heard coming from the darkness. They were from the <Kim
Dokja's Company>'s companions.

"Just where are we?"

"...I found a strange book here. It's called Kim Dokja and the mysteries of
sex."

"You should definitely not be looking at such things, Jihye-yah."

"How about this one, then? If they have their bibles, then Kim Dokja has the
Ways of Survival."

"You really want to read something like that?"

I thought I could hear Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye speaking to each other. And
then, a pair of small heads popped out from a nearby mound of books as if they
were moles.

"Ahjussi\!"

"Hyung\!"

It was Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung. I could also see Han Sooyoung walking
towards us in the darkened view.

"What a weird place this is. Is this that 'library' Yoo Sangah talked about
before?"

She pulled out a book from the shelf to toss it behind her. Meanwhile, Lee
Hyunsung standing behind her caught that and stuffed it inside his inner
pocket.

"S-Sooyoung-ssi\! You shouldn't handle books so carelessly... You don't even
know what these things are\!"

"Wowee, what's this\! Sounds fun."

Behind them, I spotted the unconscious Gong Pildu, Jang Hayoung and Anna Croft
lying on the floor. And finally, Lee Seolhwa checking for their pulses. At the
very least, all of my companions that participated in the 'Final Scenario'
were gathered here.

N ot ev ery one.

I got this rather bad premonition after hearing \[The Fourth Wall\]'s voice.

I still couldn't see 'that guy' yet.

...Could it be??

\(Hahahaha\! Yoo Joonghyuk\! I can smell him somewhere nearby\! Did he
finally show up here in order to become one with me?\!\)

A voice loudly reverberated out from within the deep darkness. It was
obviously coming from Nirvana. And right next second, a dull impact noise rang
out. The now-silent Nirvana's limp body rolled around on the floor, and then,
a certain black combat boot trampled that poor sob's head.

"...What an unpleasant space this is."

"Yoo Joonghyuk."

Sparks were still faintly dancing around him as if he hadn't yet separated
from the 'Secretive Plotter'. Since he's here too, who was it that couldn't
come?

"...Constellations aren't here."

"What happened to everyone back on Earth?"

\[The Fourth Wall\] evacuating us here could only mean that some sort of a
problem had occurred in the outside world.

My heart was now growing icy cold. I recalled the \[The Fourth Wall\], as well
as the sentences above it, shattering into million pieces. What went wrong?
Did the world perish because I tried to change the story?

It was then, \[The Fourth Wall\] said something completely unexpected.

Ti me not mov ing be cau se not re ading not ima gin ing

Even before I could ask about the meaning of that, some creatures appeared
first.

\(Have you finally broken the wall, the apostle of eternity and epilogue?\)

\(...Such a day has indeed arrived before us.\)

They were the librarians 'Devourer of Dreamss' and 'Simulation'. I stared at
them first before addressing \[The Fourth Wall\].

"Let me out of here. There's something I need to confirm."

That prompted the librarians to reply, instead.

\(Even if it's you, you still won't survive by going outside. <Star Stream>
no longer exists. Everything in that place has now come to a dead stop.\)

Everything had stopped.

For sure, the Stories that could normally be heard over the wall couldn't be
heard anymore. Instead, the noise akin to a giant spring winding up could be
heard coming from somewhere. It was at once like the ticking of a watch's
second hand, or even the sound of very consistent but slow, rhythmic typing of
a keyboard.

"In that case, I'll go and meet the guy that'll wind the clock back."

\(...Do you really wish to go and meet the 'Oldest Dream'?\)

That being was at the final stop of all these stories. <Star Stream> might
have been destroyed, but there was a question that needed to be answered
still.

Why did a world like this have to exist?

I looked back to discover my companions making similar expressions to each
other. Every one of us had their own questions they wanted answers for, and
had certain ends they wanted to see. And in order to get there, there was
something we definitely had to do first.

Yoo Sangah spoke up first.

"Let's go together, Dokja-ssi."

"Me too\! I wanna go\!"

"I'm really curious about the epilogue you wanted to see, ahjussi."

"There, there. Let's not agonise about this, shall we? Who knows, maybe a
really nice Dokkaebi is waiting for us there or something. If not, we can
smack him around for a bit and make him more agreeable, too."

As if to agree with that, Biyoo added her own opinion.

\[Baat\!\]

It was around then that Yoo Joonghyuk broke the silence he had been observing.

"Before that, do you even have a way to meet him? The wall might be destroyed,
but the time flow of the outside world has stopped. If time isn't moving,
Stories cannot move forward. It will be the same for us."

\(There are some places where time hasn't stopped.\)

Nirvana smiled and pointed to the floor.

Right. The time inside this 'library' hadn't stopped at all.

"Could that bastard be inside this library?"

\(...That's not it. This library is also just another 'wall'. However, a new
passageway has opened up after you have completed the story. Meaning, you can
now cross over to the other side.\)

While saying that, Nirvana guided us somewhere. Somehow, I thought I knew
where he was taking us. I recalled the cliff that spanned below the library.

This is the end of the library. The end of all stories.

The vast, bottomless pit. A valley laid out like the abyss itself.

It was the location I discovered back when I entered \[The Fourth Wall\] for
the first time.

"...It's exactly that place."

I almost fell to the bottom there when I first stumbled in here. Back then,
Nirvana told me that if I fell in there, I'd die for sure. He said that was
'beyond the wall'.

Nirvana asked me. \(Kim Dokja. Do you really wish to go over there?\)

I nodded my head.

Then, Nirvana pulled at a rope hanging from the darkness. I thought something
like a pulley was activating, then a small elevator-like thing slowly rose up
from below.

\(Get on.\)

We all climbed aboard this elevator.

Then we were slowly lowered into the pit.

\[Exclusive attribute, 'One Who Looked into the Abyss', is initialising.\]

Finally, the answers I've been searching for was right before my eyes. Stories
still remaining within me were getting agitated as well.

Just how long did we climb down like this? We were eventually greeted by the
sounds of the pulley stopping.

I stepped foot on the darkness, only to be greeted by mouldy smell. The floor
was slick and damp, too; almost like the remnants of a structure that hadn't
been used for a very long time.

The light from the lantern illuminated the front to reveal a faint line made
up of yellowish blocks.

"Isn't this place..."

Jung Heewon muttered to herself. And right then, we heard the noise of
something rushing towards us from the darkness past the yellow blocks. As a
matter of fact, the darkness itself was shaking ominously now. It was a loud,
explosive noise, as if a monster was madly dashing towards us.

A short while later, a pair of faint monstrous eyes appeared from the other
side of the passageway.

"...Oh, my god."

Jung Heewon muttered out, but didn't reach for her sword even after witnessing
what kind of a monster it was. The rest of the companions reacted the same, as
well. All because everyone knew exactly what that monster was.

The beginning of all these stories.

It was the subway.


