### Chapter 500: Ep. 95 - Gaecheon/, IV

After exiting from <Olympus>, we remained silent for a long while. We either
ran or walked; we ran, and then ran some more. Only the hollow screams could
be heard in the starless emptiness.

Would those screams be recorded as Stories, too? And would someone else listen
to them later? Just how many more Stories need to repeat themselves before
this world came to an end?

"Kim Dokja."

"I know."

The voice coming from Han Sooyoung still supporting me helped me to get a grip
on myself.

Eventually, the doorway to the cabin I was searching for could be seen in the
distance. Even this far, the door looked much smaller and shabbier compared to
other cabin's.

The corridor we went past earlier was getting noisier. Constellations from
different factions were colliding and making those noises. I didn't hesitate
and pushed the door open.

\[You have entered 'Prop Storage'.\]

"What's this? What's this shabby..."

Han Sooyoung's utterances came to an immediate stop after she clapped her eyes
on the room's interior.

The room so big that eyes couldn't see the end of, white sheets covering many
places within it; if one were to designate this place as the 'prop storage',
then it'd surely be biggest in the known universe.

The cabin where 'scenario's everything' had been gathered.

Bihyung's Story could be heard next.

All the props that had been used in various scenarios are displayed there.
From consumable items to the scenario's main rewards, and even Star Relics
from the Nebulas that lost their power.

The 'mucus of the Hammer Seahorse' and the 'thorn of the Stonehawk' I used to
hunt the water dragon were also in here.

Back then, I thought I was really going to die, but... Seeing them like this
made me reminisce about my past.

"Not bad. Some of them are still fairly useful."

Yoo Joonghyuk had strode over to the props even before I had noticed it and
began exchanging his equipment. He sprayed the Story metal coating on his
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]'s blade, swapped out his coat with a new one,
and even chucked away his ancient combat boots for a new pair before picking
up several Star Relics.

Seeing how his eyes were sparkling so dangerously like that, he must be
feeling very pleased with himself right now.

"Wha? 'Still fairly useful'?? I haven't even seen some of these before\! Let's
quickly grab some and bounce."

Han Sooyoung too had dived into the piles of items by then, and hurriedly
picked the stuff she could use. Even Anna Croft, lucky enough to be supported
by a wealthy Nebula until recently, bent down and carefully went through the
items on display.

Like a group of unremarkable Incarnations that stumbled onto the scenario's
hidden piece, we sought out items, exchanged our equipment, and shared happy
grins with one another.

They all knew, however. If they didn't do this, they wouldn't be able to
endure this moment.

Yet another noise of explosions rang outside the room.

It sounded much closer than before.

"...So, what's in the next room, then?"

Was it because of fatigue? Han Sooyoung had stopped \[Predictive
Plagiarism\]'s story for now. Our gazes met and for a moment there, she raised
the corner of her brow slightly.

"You think writers enjoy writing stories all the time?"

I could understand the meaning behind her grin now.

Even if the world was destroyed, even if the scenario barrelled towards
tragedy, she'd remain as a writer, always. And that was why it was so much
more painful for her. All those different pains yet to be described must still
be inside her head even now.

And that was why only him, the 'reader', could make this choice.

"No, we'll make our stand right here."

A choice that only the one filled with greed and obstinacy to see the desired
ending could make.

Han Sooyoung erupted in anger. "We weren't going to destroy the core??"

"If we are to reach the core, we need to go through other worldviews of large
Nebulas."

"Can't we just go around or something?\! Like, if we exit through that
door-\!"

Han Sooyoung pointed to a plain door visible in the corner of the room.

"That door will take us to <Emperor>."

"What about that one..."

"That door is connected to <Vedas>."

"Son of a..."

Han Sooyoung freaked out, and as she distanced herself from the door, she made
sure to place the locks on them.

The explosion noise rang out once more. Heavy vibrations resounded out, and
someone began pounding on the cabin's door. Along with the sounds of some
things exploding, the cabin's walls shook about violently.

"...They are right before us, it seems," said Anna Croft.

Han Sooyoung scowled deeply and began massaging her forehead.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has resumed its storytelling\!\]

In the end, she had to reactivate her Story. Plot developments she didn't want
to predict were probably being drawn inside her head.

Both Anna Croft possessing \[Precognition\], and Yoo Joonghyuk and his ability
to read the patterns after living through countless regressions, began getting
ready to fight as well.

"We need to fight in this place. This is the only room where we have any hope
of victory."

Every cabin within the 'Final Ark' contained the recreation of large Nebula's
worldview.

However, there was one location in this ark where no worldview had been
recreated.

And that was none other than this 'Prop storage', where items to be used in
various scenarios were stored away.

\[Applicable cabin isn't under the influence of any worldview.\]

That was the reason why I chose this room as our battleground.

"They are here."

The moment Yoo Joonghyuk unsheathed the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], the
doors in all four sides burst open simultaneously. Constellations began
flooding in through the doorways next.

\[Constellation, 'Master of December 25th', is incarnating into the ark\!\]

\[Constellation, 'One Responsible for the Universe's Rotation', is joining the
battleground along with its servants\!\]

<Vedas>.

\[Constellation, 'Master of Abydos', is incarnating in rage\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Official in Charge of Earthquakes and Volcanoes', is waking
up from its ancient slumber\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Ruler of Inhalation and Exhalation', is waking up its
Stories\!\]

<Papyrus>.

\[Constellation, 'One-eyed Father', is fixing his grip on his spear.\]

\[Constellation, 'One Who Lost His Arm to the Wolf of Apocalypse', has
discovered you\!\]

<Asgard>.

\[Constellation, 'Great Mother God Who Created Man Out of Earth', is
incarnating into the ark\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Daeracheonjon', is incarnating into the ark\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Emperor of Heavens', is sitting on his throne\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of the Three-Pointed Double-Edged Spear', is taking
out all of his divine weapons\!\]

...And even <Emperor>, too.

The moment all the doors of the storage broke down, Stories within the space
collided and expanded. The 'Giant Stories' from differing worldviews were
letting their voices heard loud and clear.

Han Sooyoung chuckled. "Everyone who hates us has gathered in one spot."

\[Over there\!\]

Just as someone shouted that out, we quickly retreated to the back; along with
a loud explosion, jet-black ash danced in the spot we'd been standing on a
moment ago.

\['Giant Stories' have discovered a new cabin\!\]

\[Portion of Stories have begun transplanting their worldviews to the new
cabin\!\]

We didn't have much time here.

Kwa-boooom\!\!

Explosions rang out as we unsheathed our individual weapons. I too had already
kitted myself out from head to toe in all sorts of props from various
scenarios.

With our backs pressed against each other, we faced the four cardinal
directions and unleashed our Statuses towards the incoming Constellations.

Han Sooyoung fired out \[Black Flame\] and flung herself forward. "All of you,
just die\!\!"

A pitch-black sphere she threw flew in the air and landed amidst the
Constellations. I wondered what that was, only for a stonking flame wave to
explode out from the item.

\[Kuwaaaaaah\!\!\]

I instantly recognised what that was. That was the 95th scenario's reward item
called \[Nightmare Flame Wave\] from the 241st regression turn. It was a
horrifying Story weapon containing flames dragged out from <Eden>'s hell that
unleashed perpetual flames in the area of effect for the next ten or so years.

\[Measly flames from a destroyed Nebula dares to...\!\]

Along with 'Fuuu-\!' noise, Nuwa's soil created a path in the middle of the
conflagration. The <Emperor>'s Constellations ran on that road and pounced on
us. Some of them happened to be the same lot that fought against us back
during the Journey to the West.

Han Sooyoung noisily gritted her teeth. "They managed to show up here, yet why
haven't you come yet, Black Flame Dragon\!"

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', shouts out that you must wait
for a little bit longer\!\]

The number of Constellations entering through the doors easily surpassed a
couple of hundreds  three hundred, four, five... every Constellation found in
the worldviews were now streaming into this huge room.

And as their numbers continued to grow, the effects of the Stage
Transformation grew stronger in the middle of them. The once-colourless floor
morphed into the desolate desert and a massive pyramid suddenly rose up from
there.

The 'Master of Abydos', Osiris spoke up. \[I was wondering who managed to wake
me up, but this...\]

Right afterwards, clouds gathered in the sky above and the panoramic view of
the heavenly worlds spread out.

The 'Great Mother God Who Created Man out of Earth' Nuwa spoke to us next.
\[It's not too late, children. I can make spots available for you all.\]

\[On whose authority?\]

I thought I could hear the trumpeting of elephants, only to realize that it
was the 'Master of December 25th' Mithra riding atop the head of a gigantic
turtle speaking up.

\[Only punishment fitting for those rejecting the 'celebration day for my
revival' is death.\]

Odin sitting on the edge of the Universe Tree's branch stared at me with the
eye capable of seeing through all things in creation.

\[Oh you foolish star, did you honestly believe you can fight against us
all?\]

A loud burst of laughter could be heard; all the stars, their Giant Stories
already secured within this safe 'ark', were laughing at us.

\[With a Story that hasn't even reached 'myth' level yet, how dare you...\]

The 'Bird that Devours Thunder' tried to throw some third-rate utterances in
our direction, but then, its mouth suddenly emitted 'Puh-shoo-shuk' noise
before being cleanly penetrated from behind.

Yoo Joonghyuk had somehow appeared behind the creature's back and cut the
fool's head off right there and then.

"You talk too much."

\[Kill them\!\]

The battle commenced. We were overwhelmingly outnumbered, but we aggressively
utilised the nearby props to their fullest in our fight. Story weapons we
could rely on were scattered about all over the place. Especially for the
weapon storage for the 60th scenario, which seemed to be designed solely with
Yoo Joonghyuk in mind.

\[Companion, 'Life and Death Companions', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Companion, 'Hell of Eternity', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's talents displayed earlier during the 'Demon King Selection'
battles were now shining brightly.

He was the 'all-rounder'; he mastered handling every type of weapons out there
while living through 1863 regression turns, and now, he was massacring
Constellations with a great bow.

\[Kill him first\!\]

Historical-grade Constellations were sniped to death by Yoo Joonghyuk's rapid
firing, and the debris falling from the dying stars created protective walls.
We ran between them and continued to fight.

"Dodge to the right\!"

Almost at the same time as Anna's warning rang out, a rapid attack from the
Myth-grade Constellation swept by near our heels. Avoiding fatal injuries
after getting struck by such attacks would be quite difficult; the stock of
Lee Seolhwa's \[Life and Death Pills\] had almost run out by now, so we
weren't able to deal with serious wounds anymore.

Lower-ranked Constellations of Asgard pounced on Anna Croft.

\[How dare you betray our Nebula??\]

Splat\!

The head of the Constellation roaring out exploded, just like that. A lengthy
tongue-like thing flew out from behind Anna Croft and burst open that
Constellation's head.

\[Constellation who likes changing gender is smirking.\]

The backer that helped her betray the Nebula was now helping us, too.

"Kim Dokja\! Holding out any further will be impossible\! Yoo Joonghyuk's
reached his limit, too\!"

The attentions of the Myth-grade Constellations were focused on Yoo Joonghyuk;
the weapon storage was burning in flames, while he was swinging a huge hammer
around to ward off the Constellations, his whole body bathed in blood.

Kim Dokja began rummaging through the Prop storage to find something.

"...Found it."

I picked up a test tube located at the very end of the \[Star Relic\]
category. This was written on the label stuck to the tube: \[Shindansu's
seed\].

I unhesitantly dropped that seed on the floor. It quickly sprouted a new bud
and in a blink of an eye, grew into a tree as tall as me. But it stopped
there.

\[Giant Story, 'Shindansu', is spreading its roots\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Shindansu', is perceiving your existence.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Shindansu', requires a Story for the sake of
Gaecheon\(\)\!\]

The whole prop storage was now up in flames.

Yoo Joonghyuk was holding up pretty well until now; Constellations looking
into his venomous eyes freaked out and yelled at each other.

\[This is the 'Prop Storage'\! Use items to fight him off\!\]

The first thing they found was an item we were quite familiar with as well 
the \[Absolute Throne\]. The core item of the fourth scenario that granted
anyone acquiring it with the Outer God's blessing.

The Historical-grade Constellations discovering the throne rushed towards it
with greed-filled eyes.

I stopped Han Sooyoung from rushing there too. "Let them be."

The Historical-grade Constellations swarmed towards it.

\[The throne is mine\!\]

The moment someone stepped on the \[Absolute Throne\], I clutched the
\[Shindansu\]'s leaf. No matter how hard I pondered it, the Story that I could
afford to feed this guy had to be this one.

A portion of Constellations felt something was off and hurriedly shouted at
the \[Absolute Throne\].

\[Wait\!\! Stop\!\]

Just as the Status leaking out from the \[Absolute Throne\] was about to flood
in this direction, something buried deep inside my chest began to writhe.

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Shindansu', has detected the beginning of a new Story\!\]

This story began by destroying that throne.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!\!

The \[Shindansu\] gobbled up the Story and acquired the explosive amount of
Probability, allowing it to grow larger again.

\[A new worldview is taking root in the applicable location\!\]

Shindansu. The large Nebula <Hongik>'s Giant Story.

I addressed the Constellations. "As you have said, we don't have a 'myth'.
However, we have always been fighting together with a certain 'myth'."

And that Story began telling its story.

No other myths could escape from this story.

The \[Shindansu\] instantly reached up to the storage's ceiling and massive
explosion noises resounded out next. The ark's ceiling began collapsing.

\[Gaecheon\(\) is commencing\!\]

The heavens started opening up as powerful whirlwinds swirled around.

\[Aged stars of an ancient Nebula are waking up from their endless slumber\!\]

Accompanied by the blinding rays of light, shadows of tree branches in full
bloom were cast on the torn sky. Stars began appearing on the ends of the
shadows like ripened fruits.

\[That throne, it's been a while.\]

Seven stars were now dangling on the ends of the branches. Constellations of
the Big Dipper that aided me with destroying the \[Absolute Throne\] were
there.

Countless Constellations began descending from the sky like shooting stars.

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is incarnating into the ark\!\]

\[Constellation, 'King Heungmu', is incarnating into the ark\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade', is incarnating into the
ark\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Heaven's Wind God', is incarnating into the ark\!\]

Only these stars were willing to become our allies in this ark.

A sword crashed down like lightning among the descending Constellations and
the \[Absolute Throne\] exploded into bits. The Constellation trampling on the
false king above the wrecked throne looked at me and spoke.

\[Good work, descendant.\]

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', is incarnating into the ark\!\]


