### Chapter 209: Ep. 39 - Unidentified Wall, VI

\[The character 'Jang Hayoung' has awakened as a 'Fighter\!'\]

Just as a guardian had the skill 'Guard', a fighter had the skill 'Fighter
Transformation'. It was a skill that melted all of their fears and turned it
into force. Thanks to this skill, a person who had been exploited for a long
time could gain a more powerful force. In that sense, Jang Hayoung was a good
candidate to be a fighter even without the Unidentified Wall.

"Haaaaaap\!"

The problem was that he was too excited. A sky shattering sound was heard. The
fighter was a position capable of exerting as much power as possible against
an executioner. Perhaps Jang Hayoung was currently feeling like a
constellation.

"Don't mess around you idiot\!" I belatedly raised my voice but Jang Hayoung
had already gone out of my reach.

This was the problem with Jang Hayoung. In fact, I wasn't afraid of Jang
Hayoung's talent. I was afraid of him running wild as a result of his talent.

 Kim Dokja thought: Jang Hayoung isn't without talent. Rather, he has too
much talent. 

The only all-rounder in Ways of Survival, Jang Hayoung. Jang Hayoung's
Unidentified Wall guaranteed a formidable growth only through skills obtained
from the wall's transactions.

Of course, it was impossible to reach the grounds of transcendence but Jang
Hayoung could raise his skill level faster than anyone else. It was a talent
that could go beyond other people's training in just a few hours. Such talent
would inevitably make the owner of the talent dangerous.

\[Wh at are yo u...\]

I barely managed to catch up with Jang Hayoung where he was already engaged
with an executioner. The sparks of a fighter wrapped around Jang Hayoung and
protected him from the executioner's scythe.

\[The 'mark' isn't available for this position.\]

Perhaps the executioner would be receiving such a message now.

\[Th is... are yo u per haps...?\]

However, enlightenment was too late. Jang Hayoung overcame the executioner's
scythe and grabbed its neck with a skillful move.

\[Ke ok...\!\]

It wasn't possible for a fighter to show this much combat power. At most, they
were usually one level of power beyond the executioner.

Now Jang Hayoung was completely overwhelming the executioner. It was only
possible because it was Jang Hayoung.

The caught executioner struggled like a ferocious rat but it couldn't endure
Jang Hayoung's slowly tightening grip. The was the sound of bones breaking and
the executioner's body dangled down.

Then the hem of the executioner's clothes started scattering. It was an absurd
end for the existences who had dominated the industrial complex's Night for
decades.

\[An executioner has been killed by a fighter.\]

\[Current number of executioners remaining: 6\]

The citizens injured by the executioners were looking this way. Jang Hayoung's
fire lit up the Night. It was like a glowing sun. However, Jang Hayoung wasn't
the sun and it was currently Night.

"A-An executioner has died\! An executioner has died\!"

"No way\! It is currently Night\!"

"A fighter has appeared\!"

After the end of the executioner, the people hiding in the houses stretched
out their heads. They were people who had been living for a long time in the
shadow of the Night.

\[The citizens are influenced by the heat of the revolution.\]

They were coming out of their houses one by one. They stared at Jang Hayoung
like he was the leader.

\[The character 'Jang Hayoung' has stiffened because of Fighter
Transformation.\]

...This jerk thought he was a revolutionary. I lightly slapped Jang Hayoung's
back.

"Uh...\!"

Jang Hayoung's red-tinged eyes slowly recovered. Jang Hayoung was belatedly
aware of the pain and glared at me as he held the back of his head. "That
hurts\! Why did you hit me so hard?"

"Steady your mind. You will be in trouble if you act like an idiot."

 "It should be the crowd that is heated up. If the person who leads is swept
away by the heat, the revolution won't be able to tolerate the fire and will
go out before it burns properly." 

These were Yoo Joonghyuk's words in the 111th regression. It was a shameful
line for me to spit out so I kept it to myself.

Jang Hayoung looked at me disapprovingly and pouted. "It hurts more than the
executioner."

"Then I hit you properly."

Jang Hayoung's current strength was limited to the scenario and it was only
wen dealing with the executioners. It was dangerous to be taken in by such
power.

Aileen shouted in the distance. "There are two in the west\! One to the
south\! The rest are in the north\!"

It was clear what these numbers meant.

"Let's move."

Jang Hayoung nodded and we ran through the Night. I looked at Jang Hayoung,
who was going ahead again, and heard a message in my mind.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is looking at 'Jang Hayoung' with a desire to eat."

"No way. Don't even think about it."

Just like against Nirvana and the outer god, the Fourth Wall coveted Jang
Hayoung's story. It probably wasn't just Jang Hayoung but the Unidentified
Wall as well.

\[The Fourth Wall is sorry.\]

"I thought you wanted to make friends with that wall. You shouldn't eat your
friend."

 Kim Dokja who wanted to be friends with the Fourth Wall said. 

It was a real brat.

"Waaaaahhhhh\!"

There were screams from the rushing crowd.

"A fighter has appeared\! Hang in there\!"

They screamed while wielding weapons towards the executioners. The fires of
magic power popped up in various places around the industrial complex.

People were fighting back. They were fighting against opponents they couldn't
face. I could believe it if one of them was a revolutionary.

\[An executioner has been killed by a fighter.\]

\[Current number of executioners remaining: 5\]

Jang Hayoung knocked down another executioner. Now there were only five
remaining. Once all the executioners died, the duke would no longer be able to
hide. From then on, the real revolution would start.

"Kill everybody\!"

"Wahhhh\!"

As the citizens' gained courage, the executioners gradually slowed down. No
one apart from the fighter could harm an executioner during the Night.
Nevertheless, the important thing was atmosphere.

\[Fool ish...\]

An executioner who swung its scythe was attacked by Jang Hayoung. Two
executioners had already died so this one didn't face Jang Hayoung head on.
The executioner fled like it was frightened.

The citizens watched the executioner running away and shouted, "They're going
away\!"

Jang Hayoung stepped on the low roofs of the industrial complex and chased
after the executioner.

Everything was flowing smoothly. At this rate, the Night would pass safely.
The duke would be forced to recall the Night in order to reduce the damage to
the executioners.

 Even so, Kim Dokja was vigilant to the end. 

There were countless 'revolutionaries' who died in the history of the Demon
Realm. Until the Night was gone, the revolutionary should be vigilant until
the end. Even if I was a fake revolutionary.

 Kim Dokja thought: The spy Han Myungoh was caught by me and three
executioners died during the day. 

The balance of power was collapsing and the atmosphere of the industrial
complex was rapidly changing. Under these circumstances, the duke couldn't
send the Night again without a plan.

At least, not the Duke Syswitz I knew...

Sure enough. I felt something flying towards my neck and reflexively leaned
back. Four scythes passed over my head and hit the roofs. My head would be
gone if I had been one second slower.

...They had been hiding. Apart from the executioner that Jang Hayoung was
chasing, the four other executioners all aimed for me. It couldn't compare to
the first day. I used Bookmark to trigger Way of the Wind but it wasn't enough
to avoid all the flying attacks.

"The guardian\!"

\[Someone is using their vitality to protect you.\]

The hiding Mark used 'Guard' on me. Now Mark had two points remaining. The
executioners didn't leave despite the effect of Guard being applied to me.

 The stupid Kim Dokja started thinking. 

It felt like they were dragging out the time. I noticed the duke's plan.

 The duke knew a fighter would appear. 

...Jang Hayoung was in danger. I condensed the wind using Way of the Wind and
made a powerful explosion behind me. I shot forward like a comet and the
perplexed executioners shouted after me,

\[St op\!\]

I borrowed the power of Guard and Wave to break through the wall of
executioners. Jang Hayoung had gone chasing after one executioner. Presumably,
there would also be a

"Aaack\!"

There was a sharp scream and I saw Jang Hayoung flying back while bleeding.
Dammit, this was why I hit him. I controlled the wind and caught the falling
body. "Hey, are you okay?"

"Heook, keok..."

He was coughing up blood. It wasn't a fatal injury but it would be hard for
him to continue fighting. I wanted to know who made the Night's fighter like
this but then I saw an oversized executioner walking towards this side.

\[Revo lution ary?\]

It was impossible. An executioner could never win against a fighter at Night.
Yet this one...

The collar of the executioner slowly scattered and the face of a demon was
exposed. Now I realized what happened. Jang Hayoung wasn't hit with the power
of an executioner. The power of this story was incomparable to the demon baron
and earl I first saw when I came here.

I watched him carefully and asked, "You used your head and used a technique
other than 'Execution'. You aren't a duke so you must be a marquis. Am I
correct?"

"I asked first. Are you the revolutionary?"

"That's right. I am the revolutionary."

"A cheeky voice." The demon's thick eyebrows wriggled and he spoke in a
somewhat languid voice. "I am Marquis Osteon."

Demon Marquis Osteon. Along with Duke Syswitz, he was one of the two marquises
leading this industrial complex.

"I think there is one more."

"...You have keen eyes." Among demon emerged from the darkness. This one didn't
seem to have the power of an executioner.

"You are also a marquis?"

It wasn't the demon who answered the question.

"M-Marquis Cuarteto\!"

Marquis Cuarteto stood under the moonlight as the citizens screamed.

Osteon and Cuarteto. The two marquises leading the Syswitz Industrial Complex
appeared at the same time, causing the citizens to be completely frightened.

"Ahhh..."

Duke Syswitz liked things to be certain. He didn't know the identity of the
enemy so he sent out both marquises.

"You created such a nuisance during this precious time. You are a big guy."

Their expressions showed it was annoying to take care of a nuisance. It was
understandable since they had been in control of the industrial complex for
hundreds of years.

After already deciding I was dead, the two marquises stared at the other
citizens. The surrounding pressure soared and the citizens were forced to
kneel. The incarnations trembled and held their breaths.

The marquises spoke towards them. "This is the price you will receive."

\[The story 'Ruler's Command' is activated.\]

The edge of the language created by the marquises threatened the citizens.
Nothing had happened yet but the words themselves started to dominate the
imagination of the citizens.

"You will lose everything valuable."

They imagined losing their precious families.

"You will lose the peaceful Nights."

They were deprived of all the nights of peace.

"You will pay the price for disturbing this industrial complex."

They paid a price that they could never afford.

"This is the meaning of revolution."

The sentences fell like a final verdict. The citizens were mired in them and
stared up at the marquises with frightened eyes. The marquises laughed like
this situation was satisfactory.

"Look\! Your hopes are crumbling."

They decided to use this as an opportunity to consolidate the ruling system.

Bihyung should see this nonsense. The two marquises turned towards me while
directing their 'status' towards me. Ordinary citizens would be terrified
right now.

However, while all citizens were kneeling on the ground, I alone stood
upright. The perplexed marquises stared at me and shouted again, "Look\! Look
at how he collapses\!"

The marquises attempted to use their 'status' to pressure me several times.
The veins bulged as if they were exerting all their might to reveal their
presence.

"Collapsing...\! Collaps...\! Um? No, this...?"

I slowly approached them.

 Kim Dokja thought. 

Only a fighter could deal with an executioner at Night. The enemies decided to
utilize their force instead of using the 'positions of the scenario. Thus, it
was necessary to respond to them.

 It can't be avoided this time. 

If I opened this power, my incarnation body would shake a lot. However, it was
inevitable to deal with a marquis. I needed to use the minimum of strength. I
had to get rid of them with optimal efficiency.

"You...?"

I knew what they wanted to ask and preempted them. "Who am I?"

A marquis-grade noble was strong. Still, no matter how strong they were, it
was just a measurement of the 'incarnations'. They were those who didn't even
match the historical-grade constellations.

I slowly closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I felt somewhat uncomfortable.
I had never done this since becoming a constellation.

\[The constellation 'status' is released.\]

The 'status', which couldn't be compared to the previous one, crushed the time
and space in the area.


