### Chapter 189: Ep. 36 - Story Horizon, I

On this day, everyone in Seoul Dome was immersed in a dazzling light.

\[Someone has cleared the tenth main scenario.\]

\[Congratulations. You have passed the tenth scenario.\]

Those who were hiding in corners of Seoul Dome to avoid the demonic people and
those who barely survived on the first and second floors of Dark Castle.

All the incarnations who somehow survived the threat of the scenario received
the same message.

\[You have accomplished the 'Liberator of Seoul Dome' achievement.\]

Liberator. People didn't understand it at first but their bodies were
convinced before their minds. Their limbs cramped, their pupils expanded and
their lips trembled.

\[You can escape Seoul Dome.\]

Their long wish had finally become reality. The people on the first and second
floors of Dark Castle were summoned out into the city.

Then everyone saw the same sight.

The Dark Castle collapsed with a loud sound. The terrible nightmare gripping
all of Seoul collapsed like a sand castle. The broken chunks soon turned into
powder. People were filled with unknown emotions as they watched the scene.

"It is finished," someone said.

"I can go out... I can live now..."

"The hell is over\!"

Some people felt it was the end of the tragedy.

Compensation poured from the air. People had jubilant expressions on their
faces. Another tragedy might begin but for now, they were enjoying the
immediate feeling of liberation. However, not everyone shared that sentiment.

"...What happened to Dokja ahjussi?"

Kim Dokja's group escaped from Dark Castle. Jung Heewon, Lee Hyunsung, Lee
Jihye, Gong Pildu, Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung, Han Sooyoung... All of them were
gathered in one place. They were those who survived because of Kim Dokja or
those who owed Kim Dokja.

"Anyone, does anyone know? Please say something\! Master\! How is Dokja
ahjussi?"

The party members relied on their intuition to find someone who could explain
the situation. However, the only person who could answer was silent. Yoo
Joonghyuk was staring at the collapsed Dark Castle with his mouth shut.

Dark Castle collapsed, like history disappearing. Kim Dokja was in there. He
died there.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared while confirming the fact over and over again.

Kim Dokja was dead. How could such a thing happen? Yoo Joonghyuk was
unfamiliar with not knowing.

"Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi\! Please say something\! Please\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk stared blankly at Lee Hyunsung who was shaking him. The first
regression and second regression... he had never seen Lee Hyunsung make this
face.

Yoo Joonghyuk rarely remembered the expressions that his party members made
when they lost someone really precious. It was because he was always the one
making such expressions. He was the only one who survived until the end of
this tragedy and despair.

By the way, this life was different. There were still many people by his side.
He was suffering through someone's death with them.

"Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi\!"

"Master\!"

Everyone was staring at him. They wanted him to say that it wasn't too late.
Still, Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't give an answer to these faces.

"I also don't know."

He destroyed their last remaining hope. Sadly, this was the role left to Yoo
Joonghyuk.

"I don't know what happened to Kim Dokja."

In fact, he could tell them more. Banishment from the scenario. He could share
the information he knew. Or maybe he could testify to the feeble hopes he
might have.

However, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't do this. He knew that talking about it would
just be telling the party members,

'Kim Dokja is dead. You can't do anything for Kim Dokja'.

Some people said more by not speaking. A few people accepted Yoo Joonghyuk's
silence while others rejected it. Nevertheless, everyone understood the
silence.

"Dokja hyung said so\! He isn't dead\! He will live again\! Then why...\!"

"Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi\! Please tell me how to save Dokja-ssi\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk shook his head at Lee Gilyoung and Lee Hyunsung's cries. If
there was a way to save Kim Dokja, he would've already done it. There was
nothing he could do. It wasn't just him, it was everyone.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' feels a great
emptiness.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is lying down.\]

\[The constellation 'Seo Ae Il Pil' has broken his pen.\]

\[The constellation 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' is looking at the abyss.\]

.

.

\[Constellations on the Korean Peninsula are mourning the death of one
constellation.\]

\[Constellations on the Korean Peninsula remember someone's name.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk had never seen so many constellations talking about a single
constellation. The arrogant constellations were expressing emotions other than
frustration or pleasure.

They became aware of new feelings. The night sky was shining with more colour
than any of his previous regressions.

Sadness, great despair, sorrow... The night sky, made up of many constellations,
was shining sadly.

Maybe Kim Dokja was hope for them as well. It was hope to show a different
story. Something that could make a difference in the Star Stream.

'There aren't many ways'.

Looking at the dazzling star in the sky, Regressor Yoo Joonghyuk had a
thought.

'If I regress now...'

The ability to restart his life was like the button of a nuclear missile that
could be pressed at any time. Yoo Joonghyuk was able to go back in time after
dying and make better choices with the information he had of the future.

If he returned now then Kim Dokja might revive again. However...

Yoo Joonghyuk, wake up. Don't think things will improve if you repeat them a
few times.

What if Yoo Joonghyuk went back and there was no Kim Dokja? Or what if Kim
Dokja didn't act like this again?

Yoo Joonghyuk was afraid of something for the first time.

The Kim Dokja of this life might only appear in this life. Shin Yoosung of the
41st regression never talked about Kim Dokja and he never met Kim Dokja in his
past few lives. Even if he went back to the past, the Kim Dokja of this life
might not return.

Thus, live this round properly.

The choice that had always been possible was now irreversible. He met Kim
Dokja in his third regression and they became companions. Then he lost Kim
Dokja.

Don't imagine that you will get better if you throw away this round. Maybe
this is the round where you will see the end of this world as a 'human'.

Yoo Joonghyuk got up from his spot and bit his lips. Only these words
remained. Just as everything in the Star Stream was a story, Yoo Joonghyuk
couldn't help acknowledging that Kim Dokja's words were part of himself.

\[Huh, why aren't you moving? Didn't you receive the system message?\]

The dokkaebi dispatched from the bureau looked down at them from the air.

\[Aha, I see. Everybody is mourning 'his' death.\]

The party members resented his ridiculing tone but not everyone was the same.
Jung Heewon barely maintained her calm and asked,

"...How is Dokja-ssi?"

\[He has been expelled from the scenario.\]

"Can I ask what that means? Is he dead or alive?"

\[I also don't know. However, it isn't possible to survive being expelled from
the scenario, whether it is an incarnation or constellation. That is all I
know.\]

Even a constellation couldn't survive. The party members stiffened at the
words and their expressions became colder than before. Lee Jihye retorted.

"Isn't there a way? A way to save...\!"

\[There is nothing you can do. Honestly, it's amazing that you still have this
type of mindset. I will give you one piece of advice. Don't think about
unnecessary things and focus on the scenario in front of you. You haven't
escaped from Seoul Dome yet.\]

The dokkaebi sneered and flicked his fingers. Then messages once again poured
from the air.

\[The escape scenario has been given.\]

\[Seoul Dome will be closed soon\! You have half a day to escape from Seoul
Dome.\]

\[The escape path is automatically provided.\]

\[You will die if you don't escape from the dome within the time limit.\]

"Dammit..."

The party members looked at each other but there were no solutions on their
faces. In any case, there was nothing they could choose.

"...Let's move."

They started to move along the specified path. They ran, swam or crossed
railings as they constantly headed towards the outskirts of Seoul. Finally,
the route markers ended and they faced a group of people.

"These people..."

All the remaining incarnations of Seoul Dome were gathered there. There were
approximately 1,000 people.

Some faces were familiar. Min Jiwon waved her hand towards this side and there
was also the reclusive Han Donghoon. They were all saved by Kim Dokja.

Yoo Joonghyuk and the party members lightly nodded at the people they
recognized.

"...Here."

The party members stopped at the same time and stared up at the inner wall of
the dome. It was a huge cage that had been trapping them so far. Now they had
a chance to escape from this prison. Everyone was excited but nobody took a
step outside.

They were like a canary that couldn't easily fly out of the wide open cage.

Instead, the people were looking around for something. One by one, the gazes
gathered. All eyes soon gathered on one person.

It was Han Sooyoung who opened her mouth first. "Yoo Joonghyuk."

Yoo Joonghyuk faced Han Sooyoung. She didn't say anything but Yoo Joonghyuk
read her eyes.

'Don't waste the opportunity that Kim Dokja gave you'.

Yoo Joonghyuk blinked slowly and stepped forward. Numerous people were waiting
for him.

It was to celebrate the moment they were finally freed. Yoo Joonghyuk was
troubled as he gazed at the group focused on him.

Yoo Joonghyuk had been in this position several times in his past lives. He
was sometimes eloquent and sometimes a charismatic leader. It wasn't hard to
find the words to give to the crowd.

Then why? He didn't want to say such things this time. Instead, he said, "...I
won't give up on this life."

Perhaps there was no one here who would understand his words. In the midst of
the terrible loneliness that came from this face, Yoo Joonghyuk declared.

"So don't give up either."

He didn't know if it had been delivered or not. Yoo Joonghyuk turned away from
the crowd and slowly walked to the inner wall of the dome. Then...

Bang\!

Just one.

Bang\!

Then two.

His angry fists struck the wall. Large cracks spread through the inner wall of
the dome, centered on the point that was in contact with his fists.

It was a wall that couldn't be overcome after the scenario started. The wall
collapsed slightly and a gap that was the size of a human was made. It was a
landscape that always existed but couldn't be overcome.

Yoo Joonghyuk took the first step into that landscape.

"Let's go."

He stepped towards a scenario without Kim Dokja.

  

* * *

  

 In the darkness, the lone Kim Dokja finally woke up. 


