### Chapter 264: Ep. 50 - Dokja's Story, I

"The fourth bookmark."

\[The exclusive skill 'Way of the Wind Lv. 11 \(+1\) is activated\!\]

I avoided the flying sting of the Scorpion Goddess. If the strength of her
body hadn't been suppressed, the poison would've vaporized the whole area.
However, it was fine since I had Way of the Wind.

I stepped on the melted gorge and release the Purest Sword Force. My sword cut
the bandages of the Last Pharaoh. The moment my sword hit the bandages, there
was the sound of a drum beat. King Oedipus didn't miss this gap and flew
forward.

\[The exclusive skill 'Beast King's Sensitivity Lv. 10 \(+1\)' has been
activated.\]

Normally, this was an impossible fight. Originally, only one bookmark could be
used at a time.

\[The effect of 'Looked into the Abyss' has improved all your skills\!\]

\[Currently, two bookmarks are being used at the same time.\]

\[The duration of Bookmark is reduced by half.\]

All my skills had improved since the last time I checked my Attributes Window.

"The fifth bookmark\!"

\[The exclusive skill 'Electrification' Lv. 12 \(+2\) has been activated.\]

I became smaller through Miniaturization. Then I turned into a point of light
and penetrated the torso of the Last Pharaoh. The Last Pharaoh suffered a
fatal wound and collapsed to the ground with a scream.

I was fighting with the history I had built up. The things I read. The times I
had lived. Everything that I had. How many more flashes of light were seen and
how much blood was spilled?

King Oedipus opened his mouth and spoke in a slightly weary tone. \[Great,
Demon King of Salvation.\]

"..."

\[Honestly, I didn't think you would be this strong.\]

Nevertheless, there wasn't a look of defeat on his face. Shadows flocked to
the top of the gorge. They were the other constellations belonging to Melledon
and Bercan.

Duke Bercan.

Mysterious Bird of the Nile.

Supreme God of Light.

...

The number of constellations that appeared was close to 10. They looked down
here from the high cliff of the gorge. I was stifled by the presence of the
constellations but I didn't back down.

"Are you just going to watch from there?"

Rather, I raised the 'status' that was sleeping inside me. I was also a
constellation. I didn't lose to them in terms of 'status'. Some of the
constellations were crushed by the status I released and stumbled back.
However, it wasn't everyone.

\[You're an interesting child.\]

All of a sudden, some of the constellations on top of the canyon bowed and
retreated. Someone was approaching from among the constellations.

His long, golden hair waved every time he took a step and his four arms drew a
beautiful rainbow. The third eye on his forehead looked down here like the sun
coming out.

\[Mithra was trying to get his own holiday off so I was wondering what type of
person you were.\]

His blinding appearance made his modifier obvious.

'The Supreme God of Light'.

I even knew his true name. "Surya."

Dazzling sparks appeared when I mentioned his real name. It was a sight that
attested to the status of the name.

\[Kid, do you know my name?\]

"I know."

The nebula Vedas had eight great Lokapala. They were the guardians of the
eight cardinal directions, including north, south, east and west.

"Surya of the southwest."

Surya was one of the eight Lokapala.

\[The constellation 'Mass Production Maker' is frowning.\]

\[The constellation 'Goddess of Love and Beauty' is accusing the 'Supreme God
of Light'\!\]

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is pointing out that this
behaviour doesn't fit the status of the Supreme God of Light\!\]

He was a powerful being equal to the 12 gods of Olympus. This presence was
staring at me.

\[If so, you know that you can't win this game.\]

The status of over 1,000 years emerged from his body and I suppressed the
desire to step back. He wasn't a constellation I could fight against. Lokapala
Surya was different from King Oedipus and Cleopatra, who were humans that
became constellations.

\[Come to Vedas. You will die even if you win this game.\]

"I don't want to."

\[You don't know the world that will appear after the giant story. Do you
think you can stand against that power alone? It isn't a story that only one
star can afford.\]

I knew what he was saying. Perhaps the world that Surya saw was different from
the world that I saw. Just by obtaining a single 'giant story', the level of
the world that the constellation could perceive was entirely different.

"Nope, I can afford it. I'm not alone."

\[The possibility of a new story is germinated\!\]

The 73rd Demon Realm wriggled as if in response to my words. Surya felt the
vibrations and said, \[You aren't alone... how funny. Who is with you now?\]

"A person who is more familiar with the cause and effect law than anyone else
is saying this... it is truly ridiculous."

A powerful storm started to flow from Surya's incarnation body. The
constellations around him turned pale. Still, he couldn't exercise all his
power in this game, no matter his status. Sparks burst out in a dazzling
manner.

In this game, Melledon had won two points. These two points might be able to
free one of Surya's stigmas. I couldn't let that happen. As I moved, the
constellations blocked my way.

A fist containing the power of Electrification struck the face of the
constellations. The Broken Heart of a Young Gold Dragon repeatedly pumped and
created a massive amount of magic power.

I didn't hesitate to release this strength. A little more, just a bit more. I
had to draw my magic power to the limits.

The constellations couldn't cope with the power of Electrification and fell
down while bleeding. It was a transcendent power that could even destroy
constellations. The white lightning burnt the bodies of the constellations.

\[The participant 'Demon King of Salvation' has killed the helper 'Scorpion
Goddess'\!\]

\[The participant 'Demon King of Salvation' has killed the helper 'The Last
Pharaoh'\!\]

The broken heart of the gold dragon couldn't afford the magic power and the
energy in my body suddenly fell sharply. I gritted my teeth and moved. I dealt
a blow to Duke Bercan and immediately turned my back to him, striking a blow
to the Mysterious Bird of the Nile.

\[You are overly affected by the character\!\]

\[The excessive use of Bookmark can leave a permanent injury on your soul\!\]

Meanwhile, the Supreme God of Light wasn't perplexed at all as he saw me
moving closer.

\[I have watched you for a long time. You always borrow the power of other
beings.\]

The Beast King's Sensitivity wrapped around my body while I prepared to deal a
blow with Electrification.

\[From the first scenario to the present, you have never fought with your own
power. Do you really

think you can build up your own story?\]

\[The history that you've learnt is just history that came from stealing.\]

It felt like I was facing hard steel. The Supreme God of Light used only one
of his four arms to block the blow from Electrification.

\[It isn't yours.\]

The third eye of the god shone as brightly as the sun. At that moment, I
realized what stigma Surya had released.

\[The constellation 'Supreme God of Light' is invoking the 'Third Eye'.\]

My vision distorted and all the light around me disappeared. In the darkness,
I felt the edge of this space gradually crumbling.

\[There is no 'you' in your story.\]

Everything around me was already Surya's space.

\[You will die alone.\]

The Third Eye had the power to control time and space. It was the power of
Surya's Third Eye. I was confused because I didn't think Surya would use this
power so quickly.

How could I get out of here? It wasn't possible to use Electrification and Way
of the Wind.

\[The legendary story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' has activated\!\]

I didn't know what to read. King of a Kingless World wasn't suitable. Person
who Opposes the Miracle was also ambiguous. The same was true for One Who
Hunted the King of Disasters.

The space was now reduced to one square meter. What should I do?

\[The story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' is screaming.\]

My back was tingling when I heard a sound. It sounded familiar, as if someone
was eating a story.

 De li cious food. 

I looked back and a small mouth was stuck to my back, eating my story.

 Kim Dok ja is a fo ol. 

It was the Fourth Wall. This bastard wasn't going to help me? The torn apart
'Distorting Things as One Pleases' was now nearly useless and was entering its
stomach.

I forgot the urgency and shouted at the absurd situation. By the way, the
thing that came out of my mouth wasn't a yell.

 The Fourth Wall said, "Ku waa aaah\!" 

An explosive burst of sound poured into the surrounding space. The space
trembled like it was a living creature and a gigantic crack formed.

\[The stigma 'The Third Eye' is shuddering.\]

I realized what was going on. The Third Eye was a mental ability that
controlled time and space by manipulating cognition. The Fourth Wall was the
strongest skill I had in regards to a mental barrier.

\[The constellation 'Supreme God of Light' is astonished\!\]

The darkness collapsed like glass breaking. Once the light returned, the first
thing I saw was tears coming from the eye on the forehead of the Supreme God
of Light.

\[You... what are you?\]

The astonished true voice resonated and the other constellations hurriedly
rushed towards me.

\[You dare... die\!\]

My magic power was at the bottom. I didn't have enough power to open Bookmark
again. Nevertheless, it wasn't necessary anymore. It had been 20 minutes since
the game started.

\[The fog of the gorge is thickening.\]

There was a groan from somewhere in the gorge and the movements of the
constellations stopped. The nervous constellations looked at the top of the
gorge and a dark shadow fell towards this side.

I nervously slid down a rocky wall. It had been a long time since I saw
something like this. The length was five kilometers. The body with a
circumference of over 10 meters was falling towards the ground along with the
collapsed upper part of the gorge. The constellations let out warning signals
but the large ones were crushed under the scales of the giant monster.

\[The helper 'Mysterious Bird of the Nile' has been killed by the 'Apocalypse
Imoogi'.\]

The monster burst like a bug and coiled up in the gorge, crying towards the
air. The Apocalypse Imoogi. It was the name of the monster I had been waiting
for.

\[Damn\! Don't back down\!\]

The constellations were overwhelmed by the sudden disaster and started
attacking with their stigmas. The one who killed the monster could get a
powerful team buff.

However, there was no way I could knock it down. According to Ways of
Survival, the Red Dragon of the Apocalypse who appeared in Armageddon had the
fearsome power to blow up a third of the stars in the sky with a single tail.

\[Kuaaack\!\]

Of course, this imoogi wasn't at the level of the Red Dragon of the Apocalypse
but there were no constellations who could deal with this monster at the
beginning of the game.

\[Kueeeeok\!\]

The constellations screamed as they were torn apart by the teeth of the imoogi
while those struck by the tail were blown away. The unstoppable system
messages were signalling the devastation of the gorge.

In a moment, seven participants and helpers died in the gorge. The surviving
constellations escaped from the gorge using the sacrifice of other
constellations.

Surya's cold voice echoed through the gorge. \[You have a wicked trick up your
sleeve. However, you won't be able to make it.\]

The Apocalypse Imoogi struck the constellations and was now looking at me. A
red sphere gathered at its mouth in order to dissolve the last insect. The red
flames of the apocalypse. It was the fire of judgment that could melt
everything on the ground.

The plan was okay. Melledon and Bercan suffered deadly damage and the
disadvantage of the game was now balanced to an almost equal level.

...I would've liked to have a bit more strength left. My death here meant we
would be deprived of our sentences. I felt regret and emptiness. If we went to
the third game... was there a chance for us to win?

My eyes slowly closed as dark red flames headed towards my head. The waves of
heat enveloped my body and there was the sizzling sound of rocks melting.
Still, I didn't die no matter how much time passed.

\[A new helper has been summoned to the game\!\]

I opened my eyes and saw someone in front of me. He wore a neat commando
uniform. The soldier with the special forces mark on his shoulder was blocking
the flames with a huge shield.

\[The constellation 'Master of Steel' is looking at you.\]

He had endured even the hottest Hell Flames Ignition.

"A captain of South Korea's special operations command..."

I watched the trembling man swallowing and sighed. 'How' or 'why'. I wanted to
ask but didn't say anything. Numerous voices were pouring towards me through
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint and all my words were pointless.

Afterwards, a giant 'chimera dragon' was seen falling from the sky.

\[A new helper has been summoned to the game\!\]

I saw the little girl sitting on the head of the dragon and funnily enough,
felt a bit tearful.

"Ahjussi\!"

The helpers that Yoo Joonghyuk called finally reached the battlefield.


