### Chapter 397: Ep. 75 - A certain heart, IV

\[Skills are evolving due to Attribute's evolution.\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Demon Slaying', is evolving to 'God Slaying'\!\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Hour of Judgement's' activation criteria is being
modified\!\]

Jung Heewon looked down at both of her hands, currently covered in the
blinding aura. One hand was dyed in the pure-white light, while the other,
pitch-black.

\['Isle of Reincarnators' is looking at you.\]

The ones cheering her on were no longer the Constellations.

\[Inhabitants of 'Isle of Reincarnators' are looking at you.\]

No, it was people she had protected until now.

Demon Kings began glaring at Jung Heewon in utter disbelief.

\[...Her Attribute has evolved?\]

\[Not bad. I see that the scenario has bestowed its grace unto you.\]

However, they didn't seem to be panicking; no matter what, Jung Heewon was
still an Incarnation, someone who couldn't borrow Uriel's powers or the
blessings of <Eden>.

But regardless of all that, she still took a step towards the Demon Kings.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Hour of Judgement', is activating\!\]

Haagenti caught onto what she was trying to do and began laughing in derision.
\[You still haven't wisened up yet. Doesn't matter what your Attribute evolves
into, the Archangels will never lend their powers to you.\]

Skill \[Hour of Judgement\] needed to borrow Probability from the Absolute
Good, so without the permission of the applicable Constellations, it could not
be used.

However, a string of strange messages suddenly popped out of nowhere.

\['Hour of Judgement' no longer requires the consent of the Constellations on
the side of Absolute Good.\]

\['Hour of Judgement' no longer needs to borrow Probability from the Nebulas
on the side of Absolute Good.\]

\[Constellations on the side of Absolute Good are greatly flustered by
Incarnation Jung Heewon's change.\]

"I don't need to get their stupid consent anymore," said Jung Heewon, now
neither 'Good' nor 'Evil'. "We decide who will be judged from now on."

Sparks danced wildly around her figure as she gripped the \[Sword of
Judgement\]. Demon King Haagenti took several steps back, almost reflexively,
after sensing her suspicious aura.

\[What is this...??\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'Hour of Judgement', is receiving the blessing of <Kim
Dokja's Company>.\]

\[Voting rights have been distributed to the members of <Kim Dokja's
Company>.\]

\[A portion of the members are unable to participate in the voting.\]

\[Only the members that can, will participate in the voting.\]

And then, the voting began.

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Jihye', agrees with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Shin Yoosung', agrees with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Lee Gilyoung', agrees with the judgement.\]

\[Incarnation, 'Jung Heewon', agrees with the judgement.\]

\[All members able to participate have agreed with your judgement.\]

Jung Heewon looked at the collapsed Lee Hyunsung.- at his cold, unmoving body.
This judgement would be for him.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

\['Hour of Judgement' has activated\!\]

\[Activation time will be curtailed due to an insufficient number of members
participating in the vote.\]

\[Your physical abilities will transcend the scenario's Probability for the
next 4 minutes\!\]

\[All of your Stories will transcend the scenario's Probability for the next 4
minutes\!\]

And her blade moved. With a speed that not even Demon Kings could catch, in
order to judge the ones she desperately wanted to judge.

At that moment, she thought that everything besides her had come to a
standstill.

They referred to themselves as stars, with such low speed?

Haagenti was blinking its eyes in sheer disbelief.

An enormous amount of Probability was spent and sparks exploded forth in the
air, perhaps to provide proof of Jung Heewon having judged 'something' at this
very moment.

\[Uh, euh, keok...?\]

Haagenti's heart, cut out from its body, was now palpitating on top of the
blade of the \[Sword of Judgement\].

Jung Heewon was bathed in the spray of the dying Demon King's blood. She
slowly opened her lips. "None of you will return alive."

She was given four minutes. But, that was plenty enough time for her.

Haagenti's head flew off along with the rising fountain of blood.

\[Demon King, 'Golden-horned Ox', has died.\]

\[Demon King, 'Golden-horned Ox', has been defeated in the regional
conflict.\]

The 'President of Flames', Amy, muttered in sheer astonishment.
\[...Haagenti??\]

She exhibited the power capable of killing the 48th-ranked Demon King in one
hit. No Demon King alive had seen such a feat achieved by a measly little
Incarnation until now.

\[But, such insane Probability can't be allowed...\!\]

Demon Kings now found themselves in the pit of sheer shock and couldn't shut
their slack jaws.

A tragedy for one side would become a farce for the other.

Reincarnators had been forced back by the overwhelming might of the Demon
Kings until then, but now, they began throwing themselves at the miracle
taking place right before their eyes.

"Let's go\!"

"We can win this\! Let's join forces\!"

"Protect Jung Heewon-nim\!"

Demon Kings watched the Reincarnators rushing towards them and roared out in
anger.

Jung Heewon had vanished from her spot by then; she reappeared like it was
some sort of magic, and the afterimage of her blade shattered Amy's spear.

Craaaack\!\!

The Demon King witnessed its spear of flames that couldn't be broken by any
known object shatter into pieces, and its eyes shot wide open.

And along with its wide-open eyes, Amy's world came to a crashing end with
another single attack.

\[Demon King, 'President of Flames', has died.\]

\[Demon King, 'President of Flames', has been defeated in the regional
conflict.\]

It was an obvious result. Even the 48th-ranked Haagenti had died in a single
hit, so there was no way that the lower-ranked Amy could withstand Jung Heewon
at this stage.

The vigour of the Reincarnators soared even higher, and the fighting spirit
seething within the battlefield climbed higher, as well.

Wooung... Wooung...

Jung Heewon ran forward while fighting against the pain severe enough to
seemingly burn her eyes. She cut down the pouncing 'Dark Warriors', and then
cut some more  for the sole aim of taking yet another Demon King's head.

\[Oh, Incarnation, you're truly naive. You're simply borrowing the strength of
a single 'Nebula', are you not?\!\]

The master of the 36th Demon Realm, the 'Silver-clawed Owl', Stolas, might
have lacked noticeable combat prowess, but it was still one of the Demon Kings
possessing a great pool of knowledge.

It had caught the presence of the 'Ring of Chaos' within Jung Heewon's eyes
and cried out loudly. \[That is the power of Chaos. A power that is neither
'Good' nor 'Evil', birthed from the beginning of everything, and originates
from outside the scenarios\! If you use that power-\!\!\]

"Shut up."

Jung Heewon jumped up and ripped Stolas's wings off. The Owl Demon King
screeched in pain, and its silver-coloured claws pierced into her thighs and
shoulders. Torn flesh flung into the air as the attack that disregarded her
own safety continued on; broken Stories sprayed onto the ground like real
blood.

However, she paid no heed and wielded her sword. She swung it again and again
regardless of whether her innards spilt out or her cheeks were gouged out; her
thoughts were dominated by the singular mission of shattering the head of the
Demon King before her and to end its life for good.

And so, after the blink of an eye where she swung her sword around fifty or so
times, the head of a dead owl could be found in her grip.

\[Demon King, 'Silver-clawed Owl', has died.\]

\[Demon King, 'Silver-clawed Owl', has been defeated in the regional
conflict.\]

"Pant, pant..."

She had displayed the combat power capable of slaying three Demon Kings all by
herself.

\[Many Constellations are astonished by Incarnation Jung Heewon's strength\!\]

\[Constellations on the side of Absolute Good find Incarnation Jung Heewon to
be ominous and unsettling\!\]

\[Constellations on the side of Absolute Evil are scared of Incarnation Jung
Heewon\!\]

Stars of 'Good' and 'Evil' had divided the sky, and beyond the divide, there
were other gazes looking at her. They belonged to those beings that didn't
hold any prior interest in her.

\[Outer Gods are paying attention to Incarnation 'Jung Heewon'.\]

As she was bathed by the numerous gazes of the stars above, Jung Heewon
continued to move forward. There were currently two Demon Kings remaining.

\[...My apologies, but I don't enjoy such a situation. So, farewell.\]

Those words belong to a certain Demon King who had been reciting a lengthy
incantation the moment Jung Heewon had gone through her awakening.

\[Demon King, 'Demon King of Seduction and Infertility', is leaving the
regional conflict after paying an enormous amount of Probability.\]

She belatedly threw her blade at the creature, but the 'Demon King of
Seduction and Infertility' Zepar had already vanished from the spot by then.

She gnashed her teeth and shifted her gaze into the sky.

Now, only one Demon King remained.

\[The supposed master of the 16th Demon Realm running away with his tails
between his legs because of a mere Incarnation. How shameful.\]

It was the Demon King who murdered Lee Hyunsung, the master of the 8th Demon
Realm, the 'Merciless Hunter Against the Will of Heavens', Barbatos.

Even when it had witnessed Jung Heewon's abnormal feats, Barbatos didn't try
to escape.

\[Demon King, 'Merciless Hunter Against the Will of Heavens', is unleashing
its Status.\]

Barbatos was actually able to match Jung Heewon's speed with \[Hour of
Judgement\] still active. It chose its actions just as quickly as her, and
could attack at the same time as her, too.

It fought in an unbelievably skilful and destructive manner; Jung Heewon was
getting pushed back little by little.

As if it was enjoying this, Barbatos laughed out. \[Your Story is
destructively beautiful.\]

As the fight wore on, Jung Heewon gradually realized how truly strong Barbatos
was  the Demon King hadn't been going all out until now.

This was the difference between one's spent lifetime, something she couldn't
hope to catch up to, no matter what.

Blood poured out from her punctured side. She used the flames of \[Hellfire\]
to singe the wound. Barbatos didn't miss this opening and kicked her in the
stomach.

She vomited out a mouthful of blood and managed to barely force herself back
up.

\[One minute of 'Hour of Judgement' activation time remaining.\]

Jung Heewon fixed her grip on the sword, her hand now showing the bones
underneath the skin.

'Is it impossible with the amount of time I've lived so far?'

\[Blessing from <Kim Dokja's Company> has strengthened\!\]

Something began granting additional power to her in that state.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is looking at you.\]

It was the history she lived in.

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', is looking at you.\]

They were the ones who loved the same thing as her.

Claaaaang\!

Jung Heewon held the sword with both of her hands and defended against
Barbatos's bayonet attacks.

Bayonet fighting  a man she knew was also proficient in it.

You usually yell out louder and louder the harder it gets in the military.
After I yell out every morning, I get that feeling that I will be able to
endure the rest of the day somehow.

"Haaaaaahph\!\!"

Jung Heewon yelled out exactly like Lee Hyunsung. Barbatos's bayonet pierced
into her waist, but she gripped the weapon tighter so that it wouldn't get
pulled out. Along with the sound, "Pu-ook\!" the bayonet penetrated even
deeper into her waist. Even then, she took another step forward.

...Even I start things without a plan sometimes. It's not like I've calculated
everything beforehand, you know.

She summoned forth her courage like Kim Dokja, and...

You shouldn't be wielding it like that.

...And, swung her sword exactly like Yoo Joonghyuk.

Slice\!

\[Sword of Judgement\] sliced into a part of Barbatos's forearm.

\[...Ah?\]

The Demon King saw the fragments of Stories dyed in crimson hue explode forth,
and its brows quivered greatly.

In that moment, she thought she could hear Han Sooyoung's laughter.

You know this too, right? The last one to laugh is the winner.

Jung Heewon spoke, exactly like how Ha Sooyoung would've done. "If you want my
bones, I shall give them to you. If you want my heart, then I will gladly hand
it over."

Her attitude of not caring about what kind of attacks her body had received;
her method of fighting, solely focused on destroying her opponent.

"However, you will have to risk half of all your Stories."

All facets of the Stories she had pushed to their absolute limits began
glowing brightly now.

Barbatos fell into a fluster and backed away while firing a barrage of \[Star
Destruction Bullets\]. However, she easily evaded them all. The bullets simply
couldn't match her speed as she grew faster and faster. The storm of
Probability's aftermath was slowly rushing in to arrest her entire body.

Her hair began to turn snow-white, the price to pay for exceeding her own
Status. Even then, she didn't back down.

All she wished for was to kill this Demon King.

Jung Heewon's blade flashed like a ray of light and sliced Barbatos's left
wrist off.

It couldn't hold onto its rifle anymore and the Demon King spat out a pained
groan. It then quickly hopped onto the deck of the battleship it brought to
the battlefield earlier.

\[I shall destroy you. I won't even leave behind any trace of you.\]

Barbatos's battleship began advancing forward as it emitted chilling blue
light. Jung Heewon watched all this unfold as a smile floated up onto her
lips.

The fact that it judged fighting her without borrowing the power of that
\[Story Weapon\] was impossible, now that was exactly the same as admitting
its own defeat.

The Demon King must've realized it as well, because rage was filling up its
expression now.

\[Be gone.\]

Jung Heewon stabbed her sword into the ground and stood tall. If it was
possible, she'd like to destroy that ship, too.

\[Activation duration of 'Hour of Judgement' has ended.\]

Unfortunately, she no longer had any time left.

The battleship's eagle statue dyed in the greenish hue, and its cannons began
spitting out flames next, seemingly with enough might to sweep away the
entirety of this regional conflict region.

Jung Heewon pulled Lee Hyunsung's sagging body closer and hugged it.

Hyunsung-ssi.

I really did my best.

I don't have a single regret left now.

I was not wrong.

Even if my scenario comes to an end in this place...

...I have lived this moment the way it's supposed to be.

The once-lethargic perception speed gradually reverted back to how it was. She
didn't turn her gaze away from the battlefield and continued to stare at the
magic shells raining down.

Sadly, though, her vision continued to grow fuzzier and she couldn't see.

Without a doubt, she had poured everything out, yet why were tears coming out
only now?

As her vision grew blurrier, she began crying in great indignation.

How could she not have any regrets?

"...Why is everyone from our Nebula like this??"

Someone suddenly spoke out in a loud ringing voice.

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is furious\!\]

Jung Heewon was stunned by the indirect message coming from a familiar
Constellation and quickly wiped her eyes away. Since she hadn't closed them,
she was able to see the miracle taking place right before her.

Ku-gugugugu\!

A battleship even larger than Barbatos's was now dominating the entire sky
above the battlefield.

\[Someone has joined the 117th regional conflict\!\]

The ship had a turtle-like back made out of futuristic metal. And three people
she loved so much were riding on top of its figurehead.

Kuwaaaaah\!

With excellent timing, Barbatos's bullet flew in. Jung Heewon reached out with
her hand in great urgency and called out.

"Avoid it\!\!"

Her cries were buried under the loud cannon fires.

She plopped down to the ground as the ripples from the explosion swallowed up
the whole battlefield.

On the spot where the thick smoke dissipated, the battleship stood proudly
with nary a single scratch.

\[Influence of <Kim Dokja's Company> in the applicable scenario has
strengthened even further.\]

Lee Jihye and the kids revealed themselves as the smoke of the battlefield
abated.

With a perfectly-still expression, Lee Jihye raised her sword.

"Load the cannons."


