### Chapter 399: Ep. 76 - Book of Revelation, I

 Kugugugugu\!

Inside the screen, Constellations of 'Good' and 'Evil' were emitting scary
auras towards each other. The taut tension was stretched firm like a rubber
band, ready to snap at any given moment. And it was the smallest, but also
bright, Nebula that managed to maintain the balance.

\[It's been truly a long time since I last saw everyone from 'Good' and 'Evil'
gather in one place...\]

The 'Mandala's Guardian', Sakyamuni, was looking at the screen with an
unreadable expression on his face. Ancient memories were flowing within his
irises.

The scenario before the scenarios, the era when 'Good', 'Evil', and the
keepers of neutrality were working together. The tale of everyone working
together to fight the Dragon of Apocalypse, in order to prevent the advent of
the apocalypse itself...

 I'd also like to help my companions.

Sakyamuni heard that voice and shifted his gaze towards a small cistern. A
small ball of soul glowing faintly was speaking to him while hovering inside
the tank.

 When will I able to reincarnate?

\[That place isn't your battlefield, oh dear child. You shall reincarnate as a
being born to carry out an even greater purpose.\]

 They are my purpose.

Even after becoming a soul, Yoo Sangah's voice remained resolute.

 If I don't get to save them in that place, then my reincarnation will have
no meaning.

\[Meaning, is it...\]

Sakyamuni shifted his gaze again, this time to another cistern located on the
opposite side of Yoo Sangah's. There was a female Incarnation Body wearing a
Buddhist robe inside this one.

\[You shall be entering the body of a child that I cared about.\]

 I'll enter someone else's body? But, I thought I was going to reincarnate?

\[You'll reincarnate with that body as your Incarnation Body.\]

 But, what about the original owner of that body?

Sakyamuni didn't reply.

Would Buddha feel sorrow, as well?

Yoo Sangah realized something in that moment.

 Is that person your 'meaning'?

Without saying anything, Sakyamuni continued to observe the Buddhist robe-
wearing woman inside the cistern.

\[She has returned to the providence of the cosmos, that is all. Everything is
simply an empty revolution of the wheel.\]

 Is that really how you feel? You cared about her greatly, yes?

\[You shall understand it soon enough, child. Becoming a Reincarnator is
precisely that, after all.\]

 I'm not a Reincarnator yet.

\[You'll soon realize that there is no meaning in being bound by such shackles
 in how everything you held dear was simply an exercise in futility.\]

 ...Is jinxing someone else your hobby?

\[I only speak of the truth, dear child.\]

Sakyamuni looked at the battlefield inside the screen once more.
Constellations that had lived for a very long time were in there.

\[Constellations suffer from insomnia for all of their lives. They can't fall
asleep without the scenarios, and even when they dream, they still ingurgitate
the Stories of others. Through this greedy devouring, they wish to erase the
scenarios they find themselves in. And they feel anxious all the time, even
though they don't understand why they feel that way.\]

The most ancient Constellation among all of them, Sakyamuni, continued to
speak. \[As if they are stuck in the eternal daydream, they can't escape from
the scenario. They look away from death, so they don't know its true meaning.
And because they don't know death, they can't wake up from the scenario's
illusion. They all mistakenly believe that there is one story somewhere that
might save them.\]

Constellations either sponsoring <Kim Dokja's Company> or being hostile
towards them were sending indirect messages inside the screen.

Sakyamuni slowly moved its gaze towards the middle of that busy screen.

\[However, Reincarnators are different.\]

That was where the Reincarnators from this island could be found.

They had followed after <Kim Dokja's Company>. And they were still being
forced to slave under the great Story after joining the side of either 'Good'
or 'Evil'.

Sakyamuni looked at them and spoke. \[Reincarnators will live on forever like
Constellations, but they must die and be reborn again. They know what it means
to awaken since they understand death, and because they know the meaning of
awakening, they also come to realize that they are simply a cog in the
scenario's machination. Reincarnation is to comprehend the scenario's true
essence.\]

Reincarnators with low Status will lose their memories along with their death,
but that was not the case for everyone. There were some who retained their
former memories, like Nirvana, when they reincarnated. They would reincarnate
into various species and various genders and continue on with the scenario.

As a human, as a toad, as an Orc, as an Elf, as an ant...

Most likely, they acquired those expressions after experiencing countless
reincarnations.

 They all seemed to have resigned themselves.

\[That's because they understand nothing will change regardless of who wins.\]

 Scenarios can be changed. That's what we have been doing so far.

\[However, that hasn't changed the fact that it's still a 'scenario'.\]

 So, you must give up now? Because no matter what you do, the scenario will
remain as a scenario? That's just you trying to run away. That's the same as
conceding defeat without even fighting first.

\[Oh, dear child. You're now insulting the lives of the Reincarnators. They
have continuously fought against scenarios through their countless lives...\]

 Have you ever fought with everything on the line, not giving up on a single
lifetime in the process?

Sakyamuni shut his mouth after hearing that question.

Not giving up on a single lifetime, she said.

Before he could reply, though, Yoo Sangah spoke first.

 There is a person who hadn't given up on his life even if it went past 1800
times.

Yoo Sangah looked at the screen. There was a man wearing a black coat within
it.

 There's another person who had lived that life alongside him, too.

And then, a man wearing a white coat standing next to him was observing his
companions. His gaze stopped last at Lee Hyunsung collapsed on the floor.

\[This body has experienced a far-too extensive period of time to count the
numbers. However, there is one number that I can still count.\] Sakyamuni
continued on as he looked at Lee Hyunsung. \[One more will be added to this
island's Reincarnators.\]

  

* * *

  

"Not yet."

I felt for the unmoving Lee Hyunsung's pulse. It wasn't beating. He wasn't
breathing either, and only whites could be seen after his eyelids were opened.

"...Really?"

Jung Heewon looked at me with a face of someone wanting to believe in
miracles.

I looked at her whitened hair and guessed what had happened here.

"For sure, he's not dead."

My companions all carried complicated expressions. Lee Jihye seemed to think
that I was lying out of good intentions, while Gilyoung looked as if he'd
believe me even if I was really lying.

Han Sooyoung asked me. "Have you decided to change the definition of death
now?"

"If Hyunsung-ssi has died for real, then the 'Master of Steel' would've been
kicked out of the scenario, too."

I looked up into the sky. Although I couldn't hear any indirect messages to
that effect, the 'Master of Steel' hadn't been ejected out of this scenario.

Jung Heewon urgently grabbed my arm. "Then, why Hyunsung-ssi is..."

"Just like how you've awakened, Hyunsung-ssi has also awakened, Heewon-ssi."

I shifted my gaze down to the faint fragments of a Story flowing on Lee
Hyunsung's skin, the Story of 'Steel'.

It was not visible from the outside, but his inside should be filled to the
brim with the Story of 'Steel' by now.

\[Character, 'Lee Hyunsung', is on the verge of Attribute evolution.\]

It was not for nothing that Lee Hyunsung was referred to as 'the Greatest
Shield' in the original story.

Protecting someone by sacrificing himself would let the 'Emperor of
Steelsword' to reach the final stage of the 'Steel Transformation'. By the
time he regains his consciousness, he should have become the world's sturdiest
shield.

Jung Heewon asked me in a trembling voice. "In, in that case, he's still
alive?"

"Yes."

"Is that the truth? You're not lying?"

Tears trickled down her collapsed cheeks. She then placed her hand on Lee
Hyunsung's chest. His heart wasn't beating. While feeling that indifferent
silence, she spoke again in some difficulty. "But, I can't hear anything..."

"It'll be like that from now on."

"...Pardon?"

I looked at Lee Hyunsung again.

His heart had hardened like steel boasting a 100% purity rating. It'd never
beat again. The current Jung Heewon wouldn't be able to understand what that
meant, though...

"However, Hyunsung-ssi is definitely alive. So, please, don't worry."

"In any case, he won't be of any use to us now," said Yoo Joonghyuk
indifferently as he unleashed his Status. "Every one of you, keep your wits
about you. This isn't the time to wallow in sadness."

Kugugugugu\!

Two camps glaring at our Nebula could be seen on the other side of the
battlefield. One camp was 'Good', while the other, 'Evil'. To us, they were
simply enemies, though.

The centers of those two camps were manned by 'Scribe of Heaven', Metatron,
and 'Ruler of East Hell', Agares.

\[Who defeated Barbatos?\]

That question caused the murmurings to spread out through the battlefield.

Barbatos, ranked 8th in the Demon King rankings, had died. However, rather
than looking stunned, the Demon Kings present carried entertained expressions,
instead.

\[To think you'd interfere with the 'Great War of Saints and Demons', you all
have lost your minds.\]

Their gazes, locked onto my companions, were filled with clear ridicule. Their
jeers were filled with the confidence of knowing that we'd not be able to rely
on luck to survive anymore, like how we'd been doing until now.

Their guesses were right; the members of <Kim Dokja's Company> were in no
shape to fight properly at the moment. Yoo Joonghyuk's magical energy reserve
had almost bottomed out from the fight against Indra, while Han Sooyoung was
also in an extremely fatigued state after fighting against the Archangels.

There was no need to mention the collapsed Lee Hyunsung or the worn-out Jung
Heewon, either.

The ones that would prove to be helpful were the three kids who went to the
'Next City'.

"Ahjussi, don't you worry. I'll sweep them all away."

Lee Jihye pounding her chest while saying that, and Shin Yoosung nodding her
head along, instilled much confidence in me. Like how I imagined it to be,
they must've experienced incredible growth in 'Next City'. Even Lee Gilyoung's
eyes were sparkling brightly, as well.

"Hyung, who should we start killing first? Who will give us the highest
experience points?"

Even though we were in an overwhelmingly disadvantageous position, he spoke as
if he was playing a game.

\[Incarnation Lee Gilyoung's sponsor is looking at you.\]

I shook my head.

It was too early. It wasn't the time to utilise Lee Gilyoung yet. And even if
I did, there was no guarantee of victory.

Anna Croft next to me asked a question. "Are you really going to fight? You
must know that there is no hope of victory for you here, yes?"

It was rather obvious what she was aiming for as she asked that question. She
was already a part of the 'Good' camp. It'd prove to be the most ideal outcome
for her to stab me in the back if things go wrong and join that side.

"We've never enjoyed good odds of victory, anyway. And yes, I'm planning to
fight them, and I'm also confident of winning. As long as you don't betray us,
that is."

Anna Croft narrowed her eyes at the mention of betrayal and raised her hand
up. When she did, Selena Kim and Iris standing behind her took a step forward.

\[Nebula, <Asgard>, is backing <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

Constellations and Demon Kings shouted out in sheer astonishment.

\[Asgard, have you lost your minds, too?\]

\[The god of hammers must've finally hit his own head.\]

\[Oh, the god of mischief\! Are you perhaps planning to cause chaos in this
place?\]

Even as the true voices were confusedly flying around, there were a few who
still broke out in a smirk as if the situation was unfolding in an
entertaining direction for them.

Such as, the fifth-ranked Demon King, 'Black Mane Lion', Marbas.

\[What a foolish decision, oh dear <Asgard>. Your Nebula might be powerful,
but the number of Constellations participating is low. It is simply far too
inadequate to rock this battlefield\!\]

"It's not just one Nebula."

\[Oh, then who else is there? <Kim Dokja's Company>? You really want to call
the small group with you as its sole Constellation, a 'Nebula'?\]

Loud peels of laughter rang out among the Demon Kings. But then...

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is icily glaring at the
Constellations.\]

\[Nebula, <Underworld>, is backing <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

...The laughter came to a sudden end.

\[...The <Underworld>??\]

\[Oh, <Olympus>\! What is going on?\! Isn't that a subordinate Nebula of
yours?\]

Along with those words, a corner of the battlefield opened up and <Olympus>
made their appearance.

As expected, they were participating in this scenario as well. The one
standing at their forefront was a Constellation we were quite familiar with.

\[M-mm, this is troublesome... We can't re-enact 'Gigantomachia' in this place,
either.\]

It was the 'God of Wine and Ecstasy', Dionysus, carrying a deeply awkward
smile on his face.

"Dionysus, are you planning to fight us?"

\[Fuu, you're making me hanker for some booze right now.\]

He pulled a bottle out from his inner pocket and gulped down some wine.

\[Argh, I don't care. I'll just worry about it after getting drunk first.
'Demon King of Salvation', why don't you have a sip, too? We've got a lot of
things to talk about, right?\]

"Thank you for the offer, but now doesn't seem to be a good time for that."

Dionysus smirked and raised a toast in my way. That was the same thing as
<Olympus> giving me an answer, though.

They wouldn't back us, but they wouldn't get hostile with us, either.

Now that a great Nebula had suddenly decided to postpone their participation,
a certain flustered atmosphere permeated into the camps of 'Good' and 'Evil'.

I didn't miss that opening and dug right in. "Well, looks like the
introductions are over and done with, now. So, let's start fighting, already."

My provocations aroused the wrath of Constellations and Demon Kings from both
camps.

Anna Croft must've not expected me to be this direct, because she was now
looking at me with an expression that said, "Are you insane?"

Han Sooyoung spoke up. "You're surprisingly slow in the uptake for a prophet,
aren't you? Just sit back and watch."

Anna Croft closed her mouth shut after being rebuked by Han Sooyoung.

In the meantime, a Demon King stepped forward while unsheathing a jet-black
sword.

Even though the situation was turning more volatile, both Agares and Metatron
maintained their silence.

\[Many Demon Kings are displaying strong animosity towards you\!\]

Along with a sharp noise of air splitting apart, the Demon King's sword moved
towards me, but at that moment, a message popped up.

\[Members of the same camp clashed against each other\!\]

\[Increase in Chaos Points have accelerated\!\]

\[Chaos Points have risen up by 1.\]

\[Current Chaos Points: 76.\]

The Demon King blinked its eyes in sheer shock.

And in the distance, I could see the hardened expressions of Metatron and
Agares, too. They were now staring at the night skies of the <Star Stream>.
They must've realized it by now.

In order to attract the attention of the Constellations, I used my true voice.
\[The opponents you wish to fight are neither 'Good' or 'Evil'.\]

<Kim Dokja's Company> included members of both 'Good' and 'Evil'. And becoming
hostile with our Nebula meant that you were going against the very essence of
the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' itself.

\[If you want to kill us, I'm sure you can. However, what will happen to you
if you do?\]

On the far side of the sky, the clouds filled with the aura of chaos were
swirling around ominously.

When the Chaos Points go past 80, the countdown to the Apocalypse would begin.
Which meant that it'd be a game of chicken from now on.

\[Oldest Good is glaring at you.\]

\[Oldest Evil is glaring at you.\]

It was the game where the first one to get scared and back off would become
the loser.

\[Which one will be faster, us dying or all of you getting annihilated by the
Apocalypse Dragon? Aren't you curious?\] I unsheathed 'Unbroken Faith' and
smiled. \[I'm really curious, actually.\]


