### Chapter 296: Ep. 56 - Reader and Writer, II

Along with the extreme dizziness, it felt like the entire history of my life
had been destroyed.

Yoo Joonghyuk's sponsor. I didn't know exactly who it was. It couldn't be
described or explained. I

could just see it. It was very powerful and pure. It was like the original
circle of desire.

A baby's laughter echoed in my ears and by the time I came to my senses, half
of the Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword had fallen to the ground.

Yoo Joonghyuk's link wasn't broken. I had failed. I turned my head and saw Han
Sooyoung approaching me.

"Did you see it?" Han Sooyoung was making a strange smile. At her waist, the
Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword was shaking just like mine.

"...You already tried it?"

"Of course. I tried it on a much larger scale than you. I borrowed the power
of a nebula."

Perhaps Han Sooyoung had confirmed the reality of his sponsor in a method
clearer than mine.

"What the hell is it?"

"Let's see? I don't know exactly. Still, don't you have a bit of a guess?"

I didn't answer. Han Sooyoung continued speaking, "Now your last plan has
failed. There is no other way."

"..."

"As I told you before, Yoo Joonghyuk agreed to this plan."

"Yoo Joonghyuk agreed?"

"You can read thoughts. Haven't you tried reading that guy's thoughts?"

There was a clanging sound as Yoo Joonghyuk hit Han Sooyoung's sword. I
watched Yoo Joonghyuk's back that was blocking the front of me. Obviously, I
could use Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 2 on him now. I hesitated for a
moment before triggering the skill.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

\[Your understanding of this person is sufficient and the second stage of
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint is activated\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts were heard in my head. Most of the words floated in
the air like dust because his consciousness was deeply sunken. One or two fell
beside me like snow and then there was a flood of heavy snow.

.

.

 I want to die. 

 I want to die. 

 I want to die. 

.

.

I was currently looking at the inner self of a human who was repressed in the
text of Ways of Survival.

Han Sooyoung approached me as I stood there idly. Her hair grazed my chin as
she reached into my coat and took out Arondight. Han Sooyoung laughed as she
finally collected five swords and stepped away from me.

Yoo Joonghyuk stood blankly. Once Han Sooyoung inserted all the swords, Yoo
Joonghyuk would be trapped forever. Then he would get what he wanted. This was
the ending of this world.

At this time, I heard something in my ear. It was a very small voice. It was a
very small voice among the countless voices.

I placed the broken Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword on my shoulder and ran
towards the distant Han Sooyoung. Her coat was crumpled by the strong grip and
Han Sooyoung turned her head with a frown. "You still want to come?"

I watched Yoo Joonghyuk. I heard it clearly. I was still listening.

 I want to live. 

It was very faint but it was a voice. He was clearly speaking. Han Sooyoung
threw off my hand in an irritated manner.

"Forget saying any good things. Yoo Joonghyuk has to die in order to achieve
what you and I want."

"You don't know what I want."

I grasped Unbroken Faith. The blade cried out and Han Sooyoung stepped away
from me with a hardened face.

"What the hell are you trying to do? There is no other way for you."

That's right. There was no way. The Outer World Covenant meant I had no way to
save Yoo Joonghyuk. There was no such thing in Ways of Survival that I read
all night.

"There is a way."

However, there was another way.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

At my shout, Yoo Joonghyuk ran like a lightning bolt and dealt a blow to Han
Sooyoung. In this short gap, Yoo Joonghyuk was able to take four swords from
Han Sooyoung.

Holy Sword Ascalon. Thunder Sword Gram. Dragon Sword Ridill. The Dragon Slayer
Arondight. They were all swords with dragon killing stories. They were the key
swords in this scenario.

"Now Yoo Joonghyuk\! Free the apocalypse dragon\!"

"What is this nonsense?\!"

The angry Han Sooyoung rushed towards Yoo Joonghyuk. I bumped into Han
Sooyoung's body and rolled with her. Han Sooyoung kicked me while shouting.
"There are only four swords\! You will never clear the scenario\!"

"No, there is one more sword."

I pulled out a sword. The Grass-Cutting Sword. It was a sword obtained from
Yamata no Orochi in Peace Land. I used the Grass-Cutting Sword to kill the
shadow of Yamata no Orochi and it inherited the story of slaying a dragon.

"Take it, Yoo Joonghyuk\!" Yoo Joonghyuk received the sword that was fired
with Way of the Wind. Finally, all five dragon slaying swords were gathered.
Han Sooyoung shouted, "You crazy bastard...\!"

There was a conflict between the 'status' that Han Sooyoung and I emitted. I
activated Electrification while pouring the blue-white energy towards Han
Sooyoung. Han Sooyoung was pushed by the magic power and exclaimed, "Everyone,
stop Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Han Sooyoung's shout caused the eyes of the scattered party members to
concentrate on Yoo Joonghyuk at the same time.

"I'll catch him\!"

Kim Namwoon discovered Yoo Joonghyuk first and flew.

"Damn, I knew you were going to betray...\!"

Lee Jihye and Lee Hyunsung belatedly came out. Three of the 100 most powerful
people in Ways of Survival ran towards Yoo Joonghyuk at once.

Han Sooyoung emitted a formidable aura and screamed at me. "Do you know what
you're doing now? If this scenario is cleared"

Han Sooyoung's following words weren't heard. I watched Yoo Joonghyuk's back
as he headed towards the seal.

 Kim Dokja thought about the third round Yoo Joonghyuk, who was silently
going through the scenarios. 

The sword wielded by Lee Jihye cut at Yoo Joonghyuk's back.

 He thought of Yoo Sangah and Han Sooyoung of the third round. 

Lee Hyunsung grabbed Yoo Joonghyuk's wrist while Kim Namwoon aimed the black
flames at Yoo Joonghyuk's face.

 He thought for a long time about Jung Heewon and the children, Lee Gilyoung
and Shin Yoosung. 

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't back down. His coat was torn and he moved forward while
bleeding. Lee Jihye and Lee Hyunsung were swept away by the Breaking the Sky
Swordsmanship.

 He thought of Lee Jihye who called him 'garbage' and Lee Hyunsung, who lost
his casings. 

...I wanted to see it.

 Thus Kim Dokja finally made up his mind. 

I told Han Sooyoung, "I won't go back to the third round."

"What nonsense are you saying? You, now..."

"I will stay here and see the ending with the people here."

The end of this world wasn't the ending I wanted.

 It might take a very long time. Maybe I will never be able to go back. 

Even so, it was an ending.

"Secretive Plotter isn't the only outer god of this world. There will be
another way to go back. Clearing the scenario and moving towards the end..."

"Don't talk nonsense\! It doesn't matter what you do\! You don't know the end
of this story anyway\!"

"I don't know."

I spoke as I followed Yoo Joonghyuk soaring towards the sealing sphere.

"I'll create it myself."

Han Sooyoung leapt towards the sky and fired a black spear at Yoo Joonghyuk's
back. I threw myself in front of the spear instead. The shock hurt but I
didn't retreat. Han Sooyoung's eyes were filled with a completely different
killing intent.

"Shall we do it now?" Han Sooyoung directly threatened me.

\[The constellation 'Director of the False Last Act' is looking at you.\]

Laughter emerged. Like me, Han Sooyoung of this round didn't have a sponsor.
She was a constellation like me. She even held the same Unbroken Faith in my
hand.

Unbroken Faith shone with a black ether that was much stronger than mine. The
moment the black blade appeared in front of me, I used the Purest Sword Force
and blocked the blow. It was obviously blocked but the bones of my hand were
distorted from the impact.

Han Sooyoung's body started to divide. Avatar. Numerous clones leapt towards
Yoo Joonghyuk and I at the same time. I moved to stop them. Jophiel's Unit 503
was qualified to stop the clones.

"Jophiel\!"

However, Archangel Jophiel didn't answer. I could guess why. Perhaps she
didn't like my current choice. The archangels wanted to go back to the
original world.

The next moment.

\[The story 'Person Who is Loved by an Archangel' is triggered\!\]

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' feels favourable towards
you.\]

Archangel Gabriel sent me an indirect message. At the same time, Gabriel's
Preference Scale was created in one hand.

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is looking at you.\]

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is confused.\]

I didn't know why Gabriel chose to help me. The only thing I was certain of
was that I desperately needed her help. Han Sooyoung ran and shouted, "A
reader shouldn't disturb me. The owner of the story is a writer\! The world
should end here\!"

"You aren't the owner of this story either. That type of ending is only in
your world\!"

I cut through dozens of avatars of Han Sooyoung and flew towards the dark
clouds. Two Unbroken Faiths met in the air. The ether of the divine nature and
ether of the dark nature clashed together and produced a strange tone. Along
with the powerful explosion, my Electrification was broken.

I rolled on the ground while covered in wounds, Most of Han Sooyoung's avatars
had disappeared but she was still going strong. As the angry Han Sooyoung ran
through the dust towards me, I shouted, "Go\! Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's body leapt into the air and he finally reached the sealed
sphere.

\[The five keys have been inserted in the sealing sphere.\]

Han Sooyoung shouted, "No\!"

Five swords were inserted into the huge sphere. There was the sound of the
keyhole being turned.

\[Someone has released the 'Seal of the Apocalypse Dragon'.\]

\[The scenario clear conditions have been met.\]

The sleeping dragon's power was awakening. The entire sky flickered like a
giant light bulb. The sky was half divided into night and day. I felt the
owner of a giant story waking up.

\[Constellations of the nebula 'Olympus' are astonished.\]

\[Constellations of the nebula 'Vedas' have boarded their flagship.\]

\[Constellations of the nebula 'Papyrus' are wary.\]

The messages of the nebulae were head as the shadow of the dragon trapped in
the sphere was revealed. I knew what would happen later.

Not long after, the apocalypse dragon roared and swung its tail towards the
constellations in the distant Star Stream. A third of the night sky
disappeared. Maybe, if they were really unlucky

 Kim Dokja. 

I turned my head and saw Yoo Joonghyuk holding the Splitting the Sky Sword
beside me. He didn't seem to care if this scenario was cleared or not. The
moment we made eye contact, I got goosebumps.

...Since when had the regression depression been released? The two eyes were
staring at me with a clear awareness. That bastard asked me.

 The world that you showed, does it really exist? 


