### Chapter 415: Ep. 78 - Twist/, VII

The puppet of the Oldest Dream.

Yoo Joonghyuk frowned deeply, although this wouldn't be his first time hearing
that term.

"It's that nonsense about a puppet again. What does it even mean?"

\[You still haven't even figured that out yet, and that's why you're only the
3rd turn.\]

"Don't speak as if you're so amazing yourself. What do you know about this
turn, anyway?"

\[I know a lot more than you.\]

A burst of anger took over Yoo Joonghyuk and the golden light suddenly dyed
his right eye.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Sage's Eye Lv.???', is activating\!\]

The current Yoo Joonghyuk was a Transcendent, repeatedly experiencing the
rapid rise of his Status and now strong enough to fight against Narrative-
grade Constellations. When considering the fact that the discernment level of
the \[Sage's Eye\] depended on the user's Status, he should be able to read
the fragmented information on a Constellation now.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Only two people managed to perfectly shut out his \[Sage's Eye\] until now.
One was the Prophet, Anna Croft, while the other, Kim Dokja.

However, if his thoughts were correct, then there should be one more being
that he couldn't read, as well.

\[As befitting the 3rd turn, your judgement is also dull.\]

The right eye of the 'Secretive Plotter' also glowed in the brilliant golden
hue, exactly the same as Yoo Joonghyuk.

The vision in his right eye was dyed crimson momentarily, and the trickling
blood wet Yoo Joonghyuk's cheek.

\[Exclusive skill, 'Sage's Eye' has been perfectly defended against by another
'Sage's Eye'\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at the Incarnation, 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

"There's no way that a bastard like you are 'Yoo Joonghyuk'." He simply
couldn't accept it. "No matter which regression turn 'Yoo Joonghyuk' it is,
he'd never use the scenario of the others as his entertainment."

He was certain of this.

Even if he existed in other regression turns, regardless of how many lives
he'd go through, he was completely certain of never changing his creed.

The eyes of the 'Secretive Plotter' quietly gleamed. \[You're correct. I'm
merely the 'Secretive Plotter' now.\]

He was merely the 'Secretive Plotter'  something this being continued to
mention up until now.

He continued on. \[The 'Yoo Joonghyuk' from the 3rd turn only existed to
destroy <Star Stream>.\]

"...So, you knew that."

The 'Secretive Plotter' glanced at the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] crying
out viciously and vigorously, and formed a faint smile. No, rather than
calling that a smile, it'd be more correct to describe that as a 'slightly
unsettling movement of lips', instead.

\[When you destroy <Star Stream>, every Constellation within it will fall.
Which means this fool will die as well.\]

The ends of the Plotter's gaze fell on the slumped figure of Kim Dokja. He
wavered as if his breathing would come to an end at any second, causing Yoo
Joonghyuk to dash forward.

Claaaang\!

The \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] and the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] clashed
and blue sparks danced everywhere. Blood trickled down from the corner of Yoo
Joonghyuk's lips.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth', is roaring out\!\]

He didn't even bother to wipe that off and swung the sword once more. That was
an attack borne out of the need to get rid of all the unnecessary thoughts
from his mind. An act of one last-ditch effort, to focus on the target right
before eyes by simplifying his thought process. Unfortunately, his opponent
knew already what he was trying to do here.

The 'Secretive Plotter' evaded the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and threw a
question as if to make fun of him. \[Why are you trying to rescue Kim Dokja?
At the end of the day, isn't he just another Constellation you hate so much?\]

The faintest hint of unrest briefly flickered on the attacking blade.

The Giant Story's Status emitted by Yoo Joonghyuk wavered ever so slightly,
but the 'Secretive Plotter' didn't miss that opening and took a stride
forward.

\[According to your creed, this fool should've died already. After all, there
are no good Constellations in this world, are there?\]

The Constellations. Beings that coveted the scenarios of <Star Stream>, acted
like voyeurs on the incarnations and their lives, and gluttonously devoured
everything in this world as the subjects of Stories. Technically speaking, the
'Demon King of Salvation' was nothing more than a Constellation, just like
them.

And the current Yoo Joonghyuk's goal was to destroy all Constellations.
However, he didn't kill Kim Dokja after the latter had become one.

But, why not?

It was a question he couldn't readily answer. That was why, he also had been
delaying facing it, too.

Why did Yoo Joonghyuk not kill Kim Dokja?

All those human connections surrounding Kim Dokja briefly flitted in and out
of Yoo Joonghyuk's mind.

Shin Yoosung and Kim Dokja; Lee Gilyoung and Kim Dokja; Kim Dokja fighting
against other Constellations.

Kim Dokja, who sacrificed his life for his companions.

And Kim Dokja, dying in such a wretched state like this in the end...

"Kim Dokja, he..."

Fragments of Stories floated around Kim Dokja told his tale as he lived as the
'Demon King of Salvation'. Yoo Joonghyuk knew of those Stories, too.

They were the ones he also lived through, as well.

\[Baat...\]

Biyoo's voice came from very far away; Yoo Joonghyuk heard that voice, and
slowly opened his lips. "He, the 'Demon King of Salvation', might be a
Constellation, but..."

There were no good Constellations in this world. That belief hadn't changed in
Yoo Joonghyuk's mind as he lived through the 0th turn all the way to the
current 3rd turn, a total of four lives.

The only good star was a fallen one, a good Dokkaebi was a dead one, and there
was no such thing as a 'good' scenario.

Even then, Yoo Joonghyuk was betraying his own creed right now.

"That 'Kim Dokja'... He isn't a Constellation. No, he's simply a human."

Even though he knew that made no sense.

Keu-reuk...

Something cried from within its hiding place in the darkness. Keu-reuk, keu-
reuk, keu-reuk... It almost sounded as if the darkness itself was crying. No, it
sounded perhaps more like laughter, instead.

Right in the middle of that darkness was the 'Secretive Plotter'.

\[The puppet of the Oldest Dream. You don't know anything about 'Kim Dokja'.\]

The \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] gripped in the Plotter's hand let out a
lonesome howl. That was the 'Sword Song', possessed only by a being who had
endured a life no one could possibly understand. Yoo Joonghyuk raised his own
momentum, not wanting to be pushed back. "Do not speak as if you know
something that others don't."

Rather than a verbal answer, the 'Secretive Plotter' lightly tapped the
unconscious Kim Dokja. That caused Stories to tumble out of him like the tears
of a child trying and failing to hold himself back.

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

The young Kim Dokja said those words repeatedly.

There he was, leaving the cousin's place to live alone and receiving wages for
part-time work that was well below that of the minimum hourly wage.

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

It was a humble and rather common story  poverty seen pretty much everywhere,
a down-on-luck tale commonly found everywhere.

A story so common that it was not even worthy of a novelisation treatment.

And there he was, Kim Dokja, living such a story.

"...I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

Here was the main character who moved through high school, university, the
army, and the company while repeating those words.

While reading the web-novel, while empathising with its lead character, while
being encouraged by the story, while being moved, enraged, and saddened.

"I am..."

That's how Kim Dokja had lived.

While reading Yoo Joonghyuk's 'Story', he survived a common and unremarkable
life.

In place of his own misfortune, he substituted it for Yoo Joonghyuk's, and
rather than his own misfortune, he consumed Yoo Joonghyuk's deaths instead;
while writing comments, while meddling in with the story itself.

"Dear author-nim, how about you do this in the next episode...?"

\[From his birth, Kim Dokja has been a Constellation.\]

The Plotter's figure was getting more and more unstable. As if he was being
influenced by the deep darkness, the ends of his white coat were scattering
away into black pieces.

And just like that coat, Kim Dokja's life was crumbling away as well.

\[He's a Constellation who consumed another being's life to extend his own.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk got to peer into such a life of Kim Dokja. He had seen those
Stories some time ago  he remembered seeing the fragments of those memories
back when Yoo Sangah forcibly sucked him into that place called the 'Library'.

\[...The 3rd turn. You don't remember anyth...\]

"I do not care how Kim Dokja of the past lived his life."

The golden aura flooded out from Yoo Joonghyuk's body, as if the only reason
why he kept listening to the Plotter's story was just for this moment.

He slowly opened his eyes, his entire body now dyed in the clear-as-day golden
light. Abundant Status flooded out from his core after he reached the fifth
stage of Transcendence.

"What matters now is that we need him to see the end of this world."

The Breaking the Sky Energy's flow on the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] was
now going through a transformation.

"And if he needs to die, then I shall be the one to perform the deed."

Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Air Step\] crossed the space.

\['The Ark' is calling out to the Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk'\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Mandala's Guardian', is summoning the Incarnation 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'\!\]

There truly wasn't much time left.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The two Giant Stories now permeated into his blade. The familiar Statuses of
light and darkness were also combined into his attack, too. They were the
magical energy from Han Sooyoung and Jung Heewon.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', has graced the Incarnation 'Yoo
Joonghyuk' with her blessing.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', has graced the Incarnation 'Yoo
Joonghyuk' with its blessing.\]

Right in this moment, Yoo Joonghyuk was not alone.

The opposing Statuses permeated into the single blade, causing the \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\]'s clear light to spew out a destructive Story.

He ran on the path his blade was guiding him. Every situation the <Kim Dokja's
Company> had lived through was ingrained in all corners of that path.

The Breaking the Sky Thunder Sword.

The intense-blue arcs of electricity enveloped and danced around Yoo
Joonghyuk's blade. It was the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship's profound
technique he didn't dare to use even as the Apocalypse Dragon's electrical
shockwave rushed in earlier.

On top of this, he added the secret technique he had been training with all of
his heart and soul until now.

The Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

Secret Technique: Inner Mystery Transmission.

Shooting Star Slash.

The technique that even managed to thoroughly defeat Indra, one of the
lokapalas of that powerful <Vedas>.

The blade drew an arrestingly entrancing trajectory of destruction as it moved
to cut down yet another star.

This one single attack carried everything of the 3rd turn Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[You can't be reasoned with at all, it seems.\]

In the following instance, Yoo Joonghyuk saw it.

The surrounding space-time distorted and a certain Story began telling its
story next.

"I shall definitely kill you all."

That was an intimately familiar voice to him. A voice directed to the heavens
above, filled with hatred.

"Over and over again."

From the 0th turn all the way to the 1863rd  a Story created by the total of
1864 lives.

"By reviving over and over again."

That was the Hell of Eternity.

"I will kill every single one of you."

When the two swords collided, Yoo Joonghyuk felt as if his whole existence was
being erased. The difference in their Statuses went beyond the realm of
overwhelming him and into one of pure respect now.

He understood the despair, the regret, the sadness and the hatred engraved
into every facet of that Story. And at the same time, he couldn't understand
them at all.

He couldn't even bring himself to fathom the depths of those vast emotions.

That was why, just like the countless Yoo Joonghyuks within that Story, he
began despairing.

When facing that Story, he was indeed merely the '3rd turn' Yoo Joonghyuk, as
pointed out earlier by the 'Secretive Plotter'.

Just what did he need to do to understand that incredible vastness of time
itself?

When he regained his wits, Yoo Joonghyuk was flying backwards in space. The
wings Jung Heewon and Han Sooyoung had granted him were torn now; his \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\], now broken in two, spun and fell alongside him, just
like his life.

The seemingly-slow moving \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] was now closing in on
his heart next.

\[Chaos Points are rising rapidly\!\]

\[Someone is growing wary of the existence of the 'Secretive Plotter'\!\]

\['Hound Chasing After the Abyss' has made its appearance\!\]

It was then that an unexpected event occurred.

Strange lifeforms, just as ominous and foreboding as 'Outer Gods' suddenly
popped out from the corners of the distorted space. They cried out like
perfectly-trained hounds and ignored the laws of space-time to pounce on the
'Secretive Plotter' as if they were stuck in fast-forward.

Tsu-chuchuchut...\!

\[Annoying hounds...\]

The \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] falling towards Yoo Joonghyuk's chest changed
its direction and began smacking away the hounds. However, it still failed to
block every single one of them.

Only then did Yoo Joonghyuk realize that those hounds were what the 'Secretive
Plotter' had been trying to avoid until now. After getting bitten by one of
the hounds, the Plotter hurriedly flew towards the distant \[Great Hole\].

Along with Kim Dokja still clutched in his arm.

Yoo Joonghyuk extended his hand without much energy, but by then, the star had
grown far too distant to reach.

He no longer possessed any strength to go to that star now.

The broken pair of wings crumbled like sand, and just like that, he crashed
towards the darkness of the ground below.

  

* * *

  

\[We need to disembark now.\]

"No, you wait\! My master and ahjussi haven't come back yet\!"

The cold sweat drops oozed out from the troubled 'Master of the Ark' as he
watched Lee Jihye make an unreasonable demand.

\[The conclusion of the 89th scenario  'Final Dragon of the Book of
Revelation' is impending.\]

There were only 30 seconds remaining until the closure of the island; they had
to leave this place in the next 20 seconds at the latest. In the end, the
Master of the Ark made his decision and was about to start rowing the oar, but
then...

"There they come\!"

Something was falling from the sky above.

"It's Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

An unconscious man in a tattered coat, Yoo Joonghyuk, was falling towards the
ground.

"Master\! What happened up there??"

Lee Jihye leapt up, caught him, and returned to the Ark. Both Han Sooyoung and
Jung Heewon quickly came in closer to shake him around.

"Hey, Yoo Joonghyuk\! Why are you alone?\! Where's Kim Dokja...?\!"

"What happened to Dokja-ssi??"

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't reply. Realizing what that signified, both women looked
up towards the sky, but then, the Ark began moving.

"N-no, wait\! Hang on for a sec\! There's one more person still coming\!"

"I said, stop\! Goddammit\!"

Unfortunately, the words of the companions were swept away by the shockwave,
as well as the fog of darkness belonging to the 'Indescribable Distance',
crashing in viciously.

\[Location for the scenario is shutting down.\]

\[Warp is starting.\]

Constellations screamed. And under the cascading meteor shower, the closing
curtains descended on a world.

A smaller apocalypse to prevent an even bigger one.

Inside this spectacle, the 'Isle of Reincarnators' was disappearing into the
'forever'.

"No\! Stop\!\! I said, stop\!\!"

The Ark was disappearing into the clear, bright streak of light. And some
people aboard it were desperately reaching out with their hands.

Some plopped down. Some cried out.

And some watched all of this happen.

"Kim Dokja-\!\!"

\[You have acquired the scenario's calculated reward payment.\]

\[Someone from <Star Stream> has completed his 'Twist/'.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is born\!\]

And then, only a story nobody wanted to hear remained in that place.


