### Chapter 493: Ep. 94 - Beginning of the end, I

Seeing him smile with such a thick skin, she suddenly felt compelled to hurl
several choice words at him. She wanted to say, she'll definitely kill him if
he went ahead and did something like this again.

Just like how it had been. She really wanted to do that, but...

"Han Sooyoung."

...She couldn't.

When she lowered her head, she saw Kim Dokja's ankles. The battle-ready formal
suit crafted by the Mass Production Maker was now in tatters.

His entire body, having fought Constellations as an Outer God King earlier,
was riddled full with wounds, so much so that it'd not be strange for him to
keel over right now.

"...Are you alright?"

And him worrying about her instead of himself only made Han Sooyoung unable to
figure out how to digest her current emotions.

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is looking at you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is satisfied with your
reply.\]

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is nodding his head.\]

...

The gazes of the stars shone from the sky. Even though the indirect messages
continued to rain down, Han Sooyoung's back remained cold. The blacked-out
channel of a few moments ago still remained vivid in her mind.

If she had made even the slightest mistake...

Constellations might not have lent their help. Probability might not have
flowed in a way she planned. Her companions might not have endured.

What had been entrusted to her up until a few moments ago was not some simple
manuscript that could be revised at will.

This burden of knowing that one misstep would bring down everything they had
built up together  Kim Dokja had been completing the scenarios while
constantly feeling that emotion.

He supported Han Sooyoung tottering unsteadily. She was about to slap his hand
away, but instead, sighed and spoke up. "Don't ever make me do that again."

"Only you could've done this."

She bit her lip the moment she heard him.

"You know better than anyone what the readers want, right?"

What was the 'end' Kim Dokja wanted?

What Han Sooyoung thought about even when she found herself in a desperate
situation of making the whole world her enemy, was that very question.

And perhaps, the current her should be able to reach the answer.

"Is this the end you've been thinking about?"

"Well, it's the beginning of that end."

There were many creatures brushing past them to enter the battlefield. Only
until a few moments ago, they had been the 'Outer Gods', but now, they were
existences with faces and their own names.

Attack them\!\!

Those Constellation dogs\!\!

Some faces they almost recognised, some others they couldn't. Someone
resembled Kim Namwoon, while a face resembling Lee Jihye could be seen, too.
However, they weren't Kim Namwoon nor Lee Jihye; no, they were simply extras
from those stories that ended a while ago.

And every single one of these existences was fighting to change this world-
line's conclusion.

Everyone from the abandoned world-lines, from the 0th turn to the 1863rd, had
gathered here.

Go\!\! Everyone\!\!

Han Sooyoung felt emotions swell up in her chest after watching their march.
These people gathering here to resist the pre-determined conclusion were all
<Kim Dokja's Company>'s allies.

\[Nebula, <Kim Dokja's Company>'s entire roster has become the 'Enemies of the
Story'\!\]

Companions approached them in their unsteady steps. They too, could finally
see Kim Dokja's world.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', is sharing its understanding with the rest
of <Kim Dokja's Company>'s members\!\]

\[Story, 'Saviour of the Star', is sharing its thoughts with the rest of <Kim
Dokja's Company>'s members.\]

All the Stories were talking to each other now.

Companions scanned their surroundings with dazed expressions. They too were
witnessing the sight of the horrifying masks covering up the Outer Gods
slipping away.

Han Sooyoung observed each and every one of her companions, before abruptly
realizing something.

One of them was still nowhere to be seen.

"Where did that guy disappear to?"

When she thought about it, she found it really odd.

That guy hated the Constellations more than anyone out there. That guy, who
fought the hardest among the companions, was nowhere to be seen within the
battlefield for a while now.

Kim Dokja promptly answered her.

"Over there."

"Wha?"

Han Sooyoung hurriedly scanned her surroundings.

KWA-BOOOOM\!

An explosion occurred in the frontline and thick dust cloud was kicked up.
Constellations from Asgard were busy crushing the Outer Gods.

\[...You disgusting bastards.\]

Dozens upon dozens of 'Nameless Ones' died every time Constellations crossed
the battlefield.

If it was before, this scene would've been one of monsters dying; but now, it
depicted the deaths of actual persons. 'Nameless Ones' lost their arms, their
legs were torn off, and their guts were spilt.

They couldn't even mount a proper challenge. Most of the 'Outer Gods' that
heeded Kim Dokja's call and showed up here were the lower-ranked variety.
Although there were a few higher-ranked creatures mixed within, they had
already been felled after being subjected to a concentrated barrage of attacks
from the Myth-grade Constellations. Defending against the concerted attacks of
the Constellations with the remaining forces was impossible.

However, something was wrong.

Even when there was such an overwhelming difference in combat capability,
they were still ably holding on.

Upon closer inspection, she realized that there was 'something' at the very
front of the Outer Gods' ranks.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Darkish-blue sword light swept across the battlefield.

Golden afterimages scattered in the air where the sword's trajectory scythed
by.

\[Kuwaaaaahk\!\!\]

The head of a Constellation stomping on an 'Outer God' just now flew away
without warning. And then, another one. Then, yet another one. A pitch-black
figure, currently bathed in the baptism of spewing Stories rather than blood,
was continuously wielding his sword.

"Isn't that...?\!"

She was well aware of the fact that there was a seriously powerful individual
among the 'Outer Gods' fighting out in the furthest front. Initially, she
thought that, 'since this is the Final Scenario, the really strong ones have
come out of the woodwork'.

This 'Outer God' continued to cut down Constellations like pieces of papers,
its sharp tail wagging this way and that.

But now that she took a closer look, that was no tail at all but a pitch-black
sword, instead.

\[Attribute, 'Iron-Blooded Supreme King', is activating\!\]

Corpses of Constellations formed a mountain. And on top of this very mountain
was a throne of blood. The master of this throne was arrogantly looking down
on all the stars of the world.

"This swordsmanship... you, you're Yoo Joonghyuk."

Anna Croft gritted her teeth and emitted her sword aura.

The greatest Incarnation in America, Anna Croft, reputedly strong enough to
never lose in a tactical battle.

"I'm the strongest on the continent\!"

Soon after, Fei Hu's long spear stabbed through the air and flew right in.

China's number one Incarnation, Fei Hu  master of one on one combat.

"This will be my first time fighting you. However, I shall emerge victorious
nevertheless."

And lastly, Ranvir Khan's palms made their move; his palms left behind clear
shadows like Kali's hands, while pouring out around hundred or so ripples.

Kwa-aaaaaaah\!\!

The battlefield was rocked by yet another loud explosion. Stories continued to
tell their stories beyond that explosion noise, however.

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', is continuing on with its
storytelling.\]

\[A portion of Stories are being shared due to the special effect of 'Life and
Death Companions'.\]

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is continuing on with its storytelling.\]

While witnessing this spectacle of swords slicing down indiscriminately and
both Constellations and Outer Gods dying with their bellies cut wide open, Han
Sooyoung abruptly recalled a certain old question that circulated among the
gossipers.

Who was the strongest Incarnation in the world?

\[Everyone, kill that guy\! We can break through as long as that man is
dead\!\]

Now, she could answer it without a shred of hesitation. There couldn't be
differences in opinion on this one.

The world's strongest Incarnation was Yoo Joonghyuk.

Constellations that had long discarded any semblance of their pride pounced on
him. Even though his shoulder split open and his thigh ruptured, Yoo
Joonghyuk's expression remained calm as he blocked the Constellation army
rushing in at the frontlines.

Such a battle was only possible because he had regained a portion of his past
memories. However, there was one thing she still couldn't figure it out.

\[Incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk is currently the 'Enemy of the Story'.\]

"How can that guy be the first...??"

How did Yoo Joonghyuk join Kim Dokja even before Han Sooyoung or the rest of
the companions could?

Yoo Joonghyuk's battlefield was steadily being pushed back after the Myth-
grade Constellations pitched in. The closer he got, the more visible the murky
aura of Chaos surrounding him became. It was the power of Chaos usually seen
from the 'Outer Gods'.

Yoo Joonghyuk had become one with 'Secretive Plotter' once upon a time.

Only then she understood it  the reason why he could become Kim Dokja's ally
faster than everyone else.

Han Sooyoung immediately flew off her handle. "You sons of bitches, not even
saying a single thing to me...\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk was well aware of Kim Dokja's intention.

Sometimes, rage would be accompanied by deep understanding.

This tragedy could only be established when the characters deceived each
other.

Because Yoo Joonghyuk hated Constellations more than anyone, he was able to
read Kim Dokja's intentions. And that was how he could make his move without
hesitation.

That was the only way to hide the fact that this was simply a 'story' from
the Constellations watching on.

Pah-chuchuchut\!

Yoo Joonghyuk had arrived in their vicinity before long; he sheathed his sword
and spoke up.

"It'll be hard to continue defending like this."

He looked back with disinterested eyes, only to meet Han Sooyoung's glare.

He opened his mouth first. "You were late."

"Shut the hell up."

Three of them lined up side by side.

Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] roared out a keen, vicious cry,
while Kim Dokja's pair of black wings spread wide open as if to protect the
two people next to him.

Han Sooyoung clenched and unfurled her fist currently enveloped in \[Black
Flame\] and spoke up. "...I can't figure out why this feels like it's been a
really long time."

Their companions finally reached their rear.

"Dokja-ssi\! Sooyoung-ssi\!"

"Hyung-\!\!"

Lee Hyunsung knelt down and protected everyone with his shield, while Jung
Heewon stood next to him and held her sword upright.

The Chimera Dragon carrying Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung roared out. Yoo
Sangah's lotus pedestal spun around and surrounded the companions' sides. And
lastly, Lee Jihye's battleship protected the sky above them.

"Load the cannons\!"

Cannons were shoring up their strengths at the ends of the vessel.

Gong Pildu established his fortress atop the battleship and aimed his own
cannons at the ground as if to imply that he could take care of everything
here.

\[Every star in Nebula, <Kim Dokja's Company>, is shining brightly\!\]

Biyoo was shining like a blue sun amidst the dancing sparks; she was sweating
profusely while receiving the Coins pouring in the <Kim Dokja's Company>'s
direction.

Probability gleaming richly was now giving them blessings.

Kim Dokja then spoke to his quiet companions manning his sides.

"Everyone, thank you."

Their expressions faintly trembled when he said that.

Jung Heewon bit down on her lip, while Lee Hyunsung wiped tears welling up in
his eyes.

Han Sooyoung could feel it.

From the start, Kim Dokja didn't plan on sacrificing himself.

Maybe, he had thought about it over and over again  the way to make everyone
happy at the end of this world.

He should know fully about the wound his companions suffered when he
sacrificed himself, and then, he must've foreseen the destruction they might
suffer as the price for fighting together.

And that was why he chose this scenario.

A scenario that changed scenarios. A scenario that didn't stick to the pre-
determined conclusion. A scenario where everyone could reach the end together.

Han Sooyoung thought that it'd be nice for this story to end right here.

Every emotion permeating within the words got transmitted vividly. She felt as
if she now knew what Kim Dokja was thinking about, and what he truly wanted
here.

Only after reaching the end of everything did he finally open up his heart.

And that was precisely why Han Sooyoung thought that things must not end
here.

"Let's talk about that later."

Jang Hayoung opened her mouth first, and...

"Everyone, fight to your heart's content. I won't let anyone die."

...Lee Seolhwa ended the conversation.

"Here they come\!"

The march of the Constellations commenced once more.

\[Do not panic\! Their numbers have grown a little bit, that's all\!\]

\[They are nothing more than a small Nebula\!\]

The story that couldn't find its bearing continued to flow within the rapidly-
changing scenario.

Han Sooyoung swung her fist; \[Black Flame\] shooting out from her knuckles
pierced through the heads of the Incarnations. Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Breaking the
Sky Swordsmanship\] deflected both Anna Croft's and Fei Hu's blades, while
Jang Hayoung's \[Breaking the Sky Force Punch\] shoved away the group of
Constellations trying to rush in from the side.

\['Hour of Judgement' is activating\!\]

Jung Heewon's \[Hellfire\] burned away the stars rushing in from the front.
And Lee Hyunsung's forged-steel shield blocked the unseen weapons cutting
through the air.

"Everyone, get down\!"

Lee Jihye's turtle ship finished loading its cannons and began spitting flames
out. Along with blinding flashes of explosions, the enemies in the frontlines
were swept away.

"Bring down that ship first\!"

Incarnations waiting for their chance all leapt up into the sky. That prompted
Gong Pildu's turrets to spit out fire and noise, as well.

"Kuwaaaahk\!"

\[You pathetic fools\!\]

A handful of Constellations used the falling Incarnations as their footholds
to fly up. They flew up higher than the turtle ship and began firing their
charged-up magical attacks.

\[Die...?\!\]

Even before the Constellation could finish its words, its body was torn apart
in half. The Chimera Dragon roared out and ripped the Constellation's body to
pieces with its massive maw.

"Hyung\! Behind you\!"

Lee Gilyoung's locusts stopped the Constellations trying to fly in.

The companions advanced forward bit by bit. Just like the time they had tread
so far, they inched forward on the road where the starlight couldn't reach.

Han Sooyoung began thinking.

In the eyes of other Constellations, they must've looked like monsters trying
to destroy this world. However, that didn't matter  because that was the more
exciting alternative, after all.

"Kim Dokja\! Destroy that ark\!"

They could see the ark beyond the Constellations rushing in like storm clouds
to protect it. And even now, more Constellations were rushing out from the
hull of the broken ark.

They were actually stars asleep within the \[Ark\], waiting to depart from
this world-line.

\['Enemy of the Story' is approaching the ark.\]

\['Enemy of the Story' will destroy all Stories in this world\!\]

That ark had to be destroyed in order to end the influx of the Constellations.

"Hurry\!"

\[Collision of Probability has caused the rapid change to the scenario\!\]

\[<Star Stream> has begun revising the Final Scenario's condition\!\]

But then, there were certain Constellations standing before the ark.

\[Constellation, 'One Responsible for the Universe's Cycle', is intervening in
the battlefield\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Mirror that Emits Smoke', is intervening in the scenario\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of Thunder and War', is intervening in the
scenario\!\]

These Myth-grade Constellations had been observing the unfolding situation
until now. Only by defeating them could the ark be within reach.

Each individual combat power was more than enough, but they still lost out in
the overall combat force.

\[Constellation, 'Spear that Draws the Borders in the Oceans', is greatly
enraged\!\]

Poseidon and Zeus busy slaughtering the 'Nameless Ones' out by the frontlines
joined in, leaving the companions stuck in a boxed-in position.

Ku-dudududu\!

Yoo Joonghyuk watched the spear slice past the ocean of corpses and return to
its wielder, and spat out venomously. "...Poseidon."

Even if this was <Kim Dokja's Company>, they still wouldn't be able to cope
with these enemies all at once. There was some leeway still left to be found
on the expressions of the Great Dokkaebis.

Han Sooyoung was angry; they possessed this much Probability, yet why couldn't
they surpass those creatures?

She cried out. "Hey\!\! When will our own Constellations show up?\!"

Those that were supposed to come hadn't appeared yet. Uriel, her own sponsor,
the Underworld's couple, and...

But then, Kim Dokja asked back. "Does it have to be Constellations, though?"

"What was that?"

Kim Dokja grinned. Han Sooyoung really detested that smile.

"It isn't just the Constellations that can participate in this battle now.
Because there's enough Probability here thanks to a certain someone."

At that moment, Han Sooyoung felt the back of her neck grow cold. The enormous
amount of Probability that had been injected to <Kim Dokja's Company> was
suddenly emptying out at once. Something that could only be summoned after
using up that much Probability was arriving here.

The existences that all Constellations feared.

The licks of flames belonging to the conflagration burned on the ground. A sun
that burned away the Story of eternity was rising up from the east.

No star would dare to compare itself to her brightness  the 'Living Flame'.

And on the opposite side of the burning, screaming stars, a pure-blue ocean
was crashing in. A tsunami wave flooded in from the west, as the 'Sunken
Island' rose up once more.

The calamity of the western world, 'Master of the Sunken Island'.

\[Kuwaaaahk\!\!\]

Constellations got swept away by the wave and dissolved away as sacks of
Stories in an instant.

Soon afterwards, the northern skies grew jet-black, and Constellations there
began crashing to the ground like falling raindrops.

The ruler of the northern universe, 'Monarch of the Great Abyss'.

The 'Outer God King' smiled as he began bursting the heads of the stars like a
rampaging hooligan.

And the existence incarnating into Lee Hyunsung blocked the storm of
aftermaths they had created.

The 'King of the Silver Heart', the ruler of the interstellar space in the
south.

And then, an existence approached them from a place of nothing.

With every step he took, the gigantic \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] clawed the
night sky and brought down many stars shining up there.

It's been a while, Poseidon.

It was a man with the exact same face as Yoo Joonghyuk, replete with a long
scar on the cheek, too.

The 'Secretive Plotter' nonchalantly strode over and grabbed Poseidon by the
latter's neck, before grinning brightly.

This will be my 26th time killing you.


