### Chapter 91: Ep. 18  A Reader's Fight, IV

Han Sooyoung asked with a dumbfounded expression.

"What? What does this mean? Why did he suddenly mention the probability?"

"He is arguing needlessly."

"Arguing? Why?"

Why? Was it because I rejected his offer? Dokgak floated in the sky and
reported to the Bureau.

The probability judgement...

I didn't think it would be used in this way. I expected the dokkaebis of other
big channels to start a fight but I didn't expect it to be like this.

Bihyung's face turned red and he was tearful as he looked between me and
Dokgak. It looked like tears would burst out as soon as he was touched.

W-What? What do I do now?

Tell me honestly. Did he find out about our contract?

Bihyung shook his head.

Did he notice you opening the Dokkaebi Bag?

T-That can't be.

Really?

P-Probably...

Well, don't panic yet. Even if that is the case, it isn't something that is
worth asking for a 'probability conformity request'. In the first place, it
isn't a violation of regulations.

It was true. There was no precedent in which an incarnation made a 'stream
contract' or could use the 'dokkaebi bag', so it wasn't a direct violation of
Star Stream's regulations.

Bihyung belatedly nodded with relief.

Y-Yes. I understand.

Seeing this childlike Bihyung, I didn't know if he was the dokkaebi or if I
was. I looked at Dokgak and the low-grade dokkaebis again.

\[The \#BI-7623 channel manipulation has been reported.\]

\[The Bureau is currently discussing this issue.\]

If I was right, the probability request would eventually be cancelled.
Although the story would be different if Dokgak had 'evidence' for this...

He was hiding information and I had no way to figure out what it was. Then
there was only one way left.

"Hey, can you stop stalling and quickly give me my reward? Don't you see that
the constellations are becoming bored?"

\[That is a problem. This is more important than the compensation payout.\]

Have you changed your mind? If you agree with my proposal, I will get rid of
all of this for you.

I looked up at Dokgak. Yes, let's try a frontal confrontation.

"What are your concerns? Let me look. How is the channel I belong to illegally
manipulating the scenario? Is there any evidence?"

I would find out what his evidence was if he had it. If he was bluffing, the
situation would end immediately.

Dokgak smiled like he had been waiting.

\[Do you really want to hear it? You will regret it.\]

"Tell me."

\[This issue involves you, Kim Dokja.\]

"...Me?"

At this moment, I had a thought.

Was it because I used future information from the text? But due to the
filtering, this information shouldn't have spread to the constellations or the
dokkaebis. Otherwise I would've already been caught in a probability storm...

\[Do you see the screen?\]

A huge screen appeared in the air. The screen showed videos of my recent
battles. The first screen showed my conflict with Poisoner Lee Seolhwa.

\[This is proof.\]

"...What is the proof?"

The screen just showed that I didn't kill Lee Seolhwa. Dokgak changed the
screen.

\[This is also proof.\]

The second screen showed me watching the battle between Lycaon and Antinus.
What was this...

\[This is the third proof.\]

On the third screen, I was attacking the Disaster of Questions, Myung Ilsang.
It was a scene where Myung Ilsang continuously released his seals. Suddenly,
my stomach felt pained.

\[What do these screens have in common?\]

I realized it at this moment. This guy wasn't talking to me right now.

\[Constellations looking at the screens, do you have any idea?\]

Everyone in the area became quiet.

\[The fight against the Poisoner, the fight against Antinus and the fight
against the Disaster of Questions. There is one thing these three fights have
in common.\]

Then the screen kept changing.

\[He actually had a chance to kill the Poisoner and stop the disaster.\]

His finger pointed to the Poisoner.

\[He could stop the disaster by killing Antinus.\]

Then he pointed to Antinus.

\[He could've stopped the Disaster of Questions before the seals were
released.\]

He pointed to Myung Ilsang then he pointed towards me.

\[But he 'deliberately' didn't do it.\]

"Wait\! You are now...\!"

Now I noticed what Dokgak was trying to do. Goosebumps covered my entire body.

I see. This was what the dokkaebi was planning.

\[Constellations. Incarnation Kim Dokja colluded with the channel's streamer,
'Bihyung'. He deliberately concealed his strength and manipulated the
development of the scenario. He made the scenarios harder for malicious
purposes.\]

Then the final screen appeared. It showed me using Way of the Wind to stop
Myung Ilsang.

\[He did this to 'direct' the last catharsis.\]

This bastard, he didn't intend to ask for the 'probability conformity request'
from the beginning.

Dokgak...

This was his real purpose.

\[It is just to rip off coins from you.\]

It was the end of Bihyung's channel.

\[Some constellations are silent.\]

The evidence that Dokgak exposed didn't violate the terms of the 'probability
conformity judgment'. Dokkaebis controlling incarnations to make a scenario
interesting wasn't uncommon.

The problem was the constellations who hated it. The moment they thought I
wasn't serious about the scenario, the constellations would lose interest.

It was like alienating them from the play. The moment the fourth wall between
the audience and the character collapsed, the audience would cool off straight
away.

This was what Dokgak aimed for.

\[The constellation Bald General of Justice's mouth is gaping open.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is chuckling.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' shrugs like it is fine.\]

Some constellations were astonished, some constellations had no idea and some
constellations were silent.

The problem was the other constellations.

\[Some constellations have left the channel.\]

\[Constellations questioning the fairness of the channel has left the
channel.\]

\[Some constellations are requesting coin refunds from the channel.\]

The constellations left and Bihyung's channel started to shrink.

\[The size of the channel is reduced.\]

The messages continuously popped up. Bihyung's pale body was becoming smaller.
His horns were shrinking.

I eventually sighed. "The channel is dead."

There was only one way left. I looked at the dwindling number of
constellations and spoke to Dokgak.

"I understand so give me the compensation when you are done talking. I will
accept your offer."

Dokgak's lips curved upwards.

You are smart.

Bihyung's eyes grew wider with disbelief.

\[Y-You...\!\]

"Don't look at me like that. It can't be helped." I shrugged while speaking in
a loud voice.

Bihyung's lips trembled from the betrayal. This child was scared.

Bihyung, do you trust me?

What...

Trust me this once. Aren't you already ruined?

I finished the communication and spoke to Dokgak.

"Start moving."

\[Good. Then let's have a sweet rewards time.\]

Dokgak flicked his fingers and the surrounding landscape disappeared. We
reappeared in a room reminiscent of a luxury hotel suite.

...This was his 'official post'? I looked around a bit nervously. Low tables and
chairs suitable for a dokkaebi were placed over luxurious rugs. There was a
wide variety of alcohol on one side. Later I realized that it was a suitable
setting for a dokkaebi who liked to drink.

I finished looking around and approached the window. The landscape outside
was...

Oh my god. A darkness with no end filled my vision.

Glittering stars flowed in the darkness of the grand universe. It was a superb
vision of the grand universe like endless jewels. The constellations repeated
their orbits and rotations, each one part of the huge galaxy.

It was funny that at his moment, I was purely impressed. This was the Star
Stream. It was the flow of the great stars that governed all scenarios. Every
story began here.

"It is great." I looked back and saw Dokgak standing there. "Sometimes I just
stare blankly at this landscape. I never get tired of this sight."

"You are now..."

"Ah, are you surprised? This is my 'real' voice."

It was the first time I heard the dokkaebi's voice. Previously it was always
heard through a broadcast. In other words, the sight before me was Dokgak's
real 'body'. Dokgak's eyes shone.

"What are you thinking about?" I asked.

"What do you think? Ah, do you think I'll kill you?" He burst out laughing.
"You know that is impossible."

"I'm not crazy enough to fight against a dokkaebi either."

"I like it. Then let's start the contract."

Dokgak flicked his fingers and a dokkaebi with a contract appeared before him.
It was Bihyung. He was tied up by the system and stared at me with reproachful
eyes.

"I brought Bihyung as a notary. In any case, you have to break the contract
with him to form a contract with me. The cost of the destruction will be
covered by Bihyung."

I was a bit surprised. This guy, he knew about my contract with Bihyung. It
meant he knew from the beginning that I was a good person to attract the 'find
an incarnation' group.

I pretended to be calm. "Do as you like. I don't care."

"It is good that the story is fast. Would you like to check the contract? It
is also my first time making such a contract."

I read the contract. Needless to say, the contract was completely full of
adverse conditions for me. Donations would be distributed 5:5. There were also
some conditions that bound my freedom. Even now, I was the 'gap' instead of
the 'eul'.

Dokgak laughed. "How about it? This is the industry average but I can make
some adjustments."

It sounded like the industry average. Bihyung also tried a similar contract in
the beginning.

I nodded and said, "Well, it isn't bad. But before I sign the contract, I have
a suggestion."

"Suggestion? What is it?"

"Isn't it a shame if I'm the only one moving channels? Surely you won't be
satisfied with just one thing? There are some strong constellations in my
channel."

"Hoh? Who are they?"

"Prisoner of the Golden Headband, Abyssal Black Flame Dragon, Demon-like Judge
of Fire..."

Dokgak looked surprise at each modifier.

"Prisoner of the Golden Headband? I didn't think you would have such
constellations... Bihyung, you are quite good."

Bihyung hissed through his gag.

I continued speaking. This was the most important part.

"Honestly, I don't want to leave these constellations behind in this channel.
Therefore, I want you to build a bridge so that the constellations can move
channels with me."


