### Chapter 396: Ep. 75 - A certain heart, III

In that brief moment, the gazes of these two met each other.

"Everyone knows how to deal with Demon Kings, right?"

They carried the same pain, and they lived with the same hurt.

They had lost people they cared about right before their eyes.

"Let's begin the final scenario."

They had failed to save their companions many times over.

And that was why they could never turn their backs on the people dying right
in front of them.

The lives they had lived so far made sure of that.

"Let's go\!"

Jung Heewon lightly jumped up and landed on Lee Hyunsung's hand, and he
powerfully threw her forward.

She flew like a streak of light and crossed the battlefield. The flames of
\[Hellfire\] drew a stylish arc in the air and shot forward, causing the Demon
King Haagenti to gasp out in pain.

The creature quickly put out the fire that managed to slice apart a portion of
its flesh and roared out viciously in reply. \[So, that's where you've been
hiding\!\]

Haagenti didn't dally any longer and dashed forward while raising a thick
cloud of dust.

"Kuwahhhph\!"

As Lee Hyunsung grabbed Haagenti's horn to start wrestle with the creature,
Jung Heewon began shaking the unconscious Kyle.

"Kyle\! Get a hold of yourself\! Kyle\!"

It was as if she had reverted back to being Erich Striker; she desperately
called out Kyle's name. She placed her hand near his nose and much to her
relief, found out that he hadn't died yet.

"Let's try one more time with the scenario..."

These people came this far after they heard her voice and the words of <Kim
Dokja's Company>. They followed after her in order to find their own stories.

That was why she simply couldn't let them die here.

"Allow me to take him away."

With good timing, guardian knights approached her and one of them placed Kyle
on his back.

"I'll leave him to your care."

"Please, leave him to us."

The knight nodded his head solemnly and quickly ran towards the back of the
battlefield. She then grasped her sword tighter, planning to help Lee
Hyunsung. But then, right at that moment...

...A chilling premonition tickled her entire figure.

She had never felt such a thing before in her entire life.

Not even when she was about to lose Kim Dokja in the \[Dark Castle\], not when
she lost him one more time back in the 73rd Demon Realm, and then...

"Heewon-ssi\! Get down\!\!"

At the same time, Lee Hyunsung bear-hugged her and rolled down on the ground.
A thin ray of light brushed past her forearm. It was at that moment that she
finally realized such a terrifying scream could come out of her own mouth.

It was a bullet fired by Barbatos.

Lee Hyunsung's complexion had changed to pale blue; even before she could ask
him if he was alright, he spoke to her first. "You should evacuate first. I'll
try to buy you some time."

He stopped the advancing Haagenti with both of his hands, and he caught the
burning spear thrown by Amy in the distance with his teeth. Even when
subjected to the intense heat that melted his tongue and cooked his eyeballs,
Lee Hyunsung endured it with nothing more than his unyielding, indomitable
spirit.

 Hurry\!

He sent a voice projection, the skill that connected her to Lee Hyunsung when
they were still stuck inside 'Kaizenix Archipelago'. With that very skill, he
was talking to her.

 I can still withstand this\! But I won't be able to while trying to protect
you, as well\!

Back then, or now; Lee Hyunsung always insisted that he could do things he
couldn't possibly do. That was why Jung Heewon couldn't escape.

She deflected the incoming silver-coloured claws of Demon King Stolas and
gritted her teeth. The flames of \[Hellfire\] were progressively getting
weaker, and cracks on Lee Hyunsung's carapace grew larger and more numerous.

The 'Demon King of Seduction and Infertility' Zepar laughed. \[What a sad fate
this is. But, I do enjoy a tragedy like this.\]

"Shut up."

\[A few Constellations are tearing up at the story of the Incarnations.\]

Jung Heewon desperately wielded her sword so that she could leave behind
definite proof of their lives not being some stories of entertainment for the
others.

Reincarnators running away watched their struggle.

To save them, Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung fought.

\[Influence of the Nebula, <Kim Dokja's Company> is growing larger.\]

\[Foundation of 'Great War of Saints and Demons' is being rocked.\]

For the first time ever, the Demon Kings basking in a relaxed air changed
their expressions.

\[It's regretful that we can't enjoy this anymore.\]

And for one more time, another blackish beam of light exploded forth. The
bullet tore through space and flew forward. It was Barbatos's speciality,
\[Star Destruction Bullet\].

It couldn't be dodged this time.

Jung Heewon crouched into a huddle, trying to minimise the potential area of
damage, only for someone to cover her. Along with the sensation of a dull,
heavy impact, she heard something exploding away.

BLAM\!

The bullet didn't end with just one.

BLAM\!\!

The first one, then the second, and another; bullets fired one after the other
blew up, broke, and destroyed 'something'.

\[Story, 'Purest Companionship', is getting agitated.\]

Jung Heewon struggled desperately and hugged the person protecting her to roll
around on the ground. It was a person's body, torn to bits by the bullets. A
bloodied face was smiling towards her. He was saying something, but slowly, so
slowly, he closed his eyes.

\[Story, 'Sword and Shield', has stopped its storytelling.\]

"Hyunsung-ssi?"

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', has received great damage.\]

"Hyunsung-ssi, please wake up."

As if they had reached the intermission, the gunfires came to a halt just
then.

Something inside her head snapped in that moment. Jung Heewon shook Lee
Hyunsung one more time.

"Hyunsung-ssi."

He didn't open his eyes. His lips didn't say anything, and his nose didn't
breathe anything out. His ears couldn't hear anything, either.

"Get up\!\!\!"

But, she hadn't given him her answer yet.

"Get up\! Get up already\!\!"

And then... the Demon Kings began moving again.

Jung Heewon quickly hoisted Lee Hyunsung's large body up and ran, hard. She
ran at the fastest speed she had ever produced before. She ran fast and hard
enough that muscles in her legs tore up and her heart began straining itself.
The gunfire soon resumed, and scars accumulated on her body.

However, she still continued to run. She continued to escape from everything
in this place.

If it was Kim Dokja; if it was him, he should be able to save Lee Hyunsung.

He saved Shin Yoosung, and he also managed to save Yoo Sangah, too. So, he'd
be able to save Lee Hyunsung for sure.

Death was nothing in this place.

Death could not separate them.

Jung Heewon ran as tears streamed down her face. Although it was nothing more
than buying time, that time was critical in changing everything.

So, she ran. And, she ran some more. How long did she run like that? Her
vision grew blurrier and eventually, she collapsed into a puddle of mud. The
putrid stench of dead Reincarnators filled up the landscape. There wasn't a
drop of energy left in her body.

As for Lee Hyunsung's heartbeat, she couldn't hear it anymore.

\[Incarnation of Uriel, where are you hiding?\]

She sensed the presence of Demon Kings approaching closer and held her breath.
Whether it was due to luck or not, her current Status had been broken to an
unrecognisable degree right now and it was difficult to differentiate her from
the other Reincarnators.

\[If you don't want to come out, then well, we'll just kill the rest.\]

Demon King Amy laughed and began swinging its flame spear.

There were still many surviving Reincarnators around her. They were people
Jung Heewon should be saving. They were people she should have saved.

She squeezed her eyes shut.

'I'm sorry'.

Her sense of righteousness could only extend this far.

She heard the flames of explosions roaring on, and began picturing the scenes
she'd see after opening her eyes again.

The sights of the Reincarnators being burnt to death, demolished, and blown
up; the faces of the dying, filled with resentment towards her; their
expressions as they pointed fingers at her while trying to run away.

Jung Heewon prayed; she prayed that at least one more would manage to run
away. Even if it was only by a little further away, to endure until Kim Dokja
arrived.

"Here she is\!"

And then, someone shouted out.

"I am Uriel's Incarnation, Jung Heewon\!"

She opened her eyes in a fluster; the person who said that was someone she
knew very well. It was none other than knight Kyle, the one she saved not too
long ago.

And next to him was the knight that carried the injured Kyle away.

"No, I'm Jung Heewon\!"

"No, it is I\! I am she\! Come and kill me instead\!"

\[...You bastards, have you all gone mad as a group?\]

Reincarnators weren't running away.

Those that came along with her from the 'Kaizenix Archipelago', those she
managed to save during other regional conflicts, they were all standing by her
side to shout at the top of their lungs.

"I'm Jung Heewon\!"

"I'm Lee Hyunsung\!\!"

Reincarnators stood up and spoke her name, and Lee Hyunsung's, as if it was
theirs. Even though they knew what would happen if they did.

"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Everyone here was staring at their own death.

"I'm Kim Dokja\!"

"I'm Han Sooyoung\!\!"

They called out the names of their saviours, the names of <Kim Dokja's
Company>.

"I'm Jung Heewon\!"

As if this was the righteousness they all decided to adhere to. Or, as if to
become the gods that would save them in turn, instead.

"Uwaaaah\!\!"

After crying out her name, Kyle began dashing towards the nearest Demon King.
Reincarnators running away in the opposite direction were now coming back.

Some were in tears, some were in a rage, while some were in despair.

\[Influence of <Kim Dokja's Company> in the applicable scenario is
strengthening even further\!\]

The Demon Kings became flustered and began unleashing their Statuses.

\[How dare these insane fools...\!\]

Reincarnators were being ripped to shreds right before her eyes.

They couldn't even endure a light nudge from a Demon King. Even then, they
didn't stop shouting out. Some cried out Jung Heewon's name, while some, Lee
Hyunsung's. Some called out Kim Dokja's name while flinging themselves into
the embrace of death.

Trapped within this battlefield of complete pandemonium, Jung Heewon began
shuddering.

Why were they being killed off like this?

She looked at the collapsed Lee Hyunsung below, before casting her glare up at
the darkened skies of the <Star Stream>. Countless stars were looking down at
her.

Even though there were so many sparkling stars up there...

...Not one came down to help her.

Jung Heewon rose up from her spot.

"...I."

And then, she ran towards the Demon Kings.

"I am Jung Heewon\!\!"

\[So, that's where you were\!\]

Claws flew in and scratched her back before going away.

\[You have requested the activation of the exclusive skill, 'Hour of
Judgement'\!\]

Even if it's just this once, doesn't matter who it is  as long as they can
lend me their strength...

\[Majority of the Absolute Good-type Constellations are opposing the
activation of the skill.\]

\[Skill activation has been cancelled.\]

Why couldn't those she desperately wanted to, be judged?

What was 'Good', and what was 'Evil', then?

"...What rubbish is this 'Absolute' crap?"

Why are you arbitrarily deciding on that?

And why am I supposed to abide by it?

Barbatos's bullet flew in.

Her worn-down emotions became the kindling that began burning fiercely.

\[All of your Stories are reacting to your misfortune.\]

Every single one of her emotions was now pointing towards just one.

\[All of your Stories are reacting to your will.\]

And that was 'revenge'.

\[<Star Stream> is now looking at your Story.\]

I wish to judge them all.

\[New Story is germinating within you\!\]

In the next moment, powerful rays of light exploded out from her entire body.

The enormous explosion of light forced the trajectory of \[Star Destruction
Bullet\] off course, and at the same time, the Demon Kings in the near
vicinity were pushed back, as well.

Jung Heewon then heard the messages entering her ear.

\[Evolution of Incarnation Jung Heewon's Attribute is approaching.\]

\[Opportunity to evolve your Attribute has come\!\]

The 'one who shrunk away' once upon a time became 'Judge of Evil' in order to
pass judgement on all the evils she encountered.

In that case, what would happen to the judge who was betrayed by 'Good'?

\[You have acquired a legendary Attribute.\]

An aura of brilliant white light exploded out from her sword; the boiling,
overflowing energy of the Story was released from her entire figure. And then,
the Ring of Chaos materialised within Jung Heewon's eyes as she took in the
sight of the Demon Kings.

\[You have become 'Judge of Destruction'.\]


