### Chapter 146: Ep. 29 - Constellation Banquet, I

Rain poured down on Gwanghwamun Square. The streets were near ruins thanks to
the monsters. The collapsed media logos were broken and trampled on. The King
Sejong the Great and Yi Sunsin statues that were the symbols of Gwanghwamun
were completely destroyed.

"Ah..."

The civilization that Seoul boasted had collapsed and the culture was lost.
There was only one story left but none of the people in Gwanghwamun wanted
this story.

Lee Jihye opened her mouth as she watched some of the Hwarang digging at the
ground. "...Is he really dead?"

Nobody answered her. The reasons for not responding were different. Jung
Heewon, Lee Hyunsung, Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung...

They had their own thoughts but none of them spoke. Perhaps their thoughts
were wrong. Perhaps... they were afraid it was right.

"No... Really?"

Kim Dokja's body was discovered around an hour after the end of the eighth
scenario.

"Ahjussi\! Wake up\! Is this a joke?"

The cause of death was excessive blood loss. At first, everyone was confused.
Kim Dokja, who hadn't been seen throughout the entire situation, suddenly
died.

Still, the party members waited without much panic. This situation had
happened a few times. The first time they hunted the fire dragon and when
facing the Disaster of Floods. Kim Dokja always survived death.

Thus, they waited this time. He would rise again as usual and give the party
members his distinctive smile. He would tell some timid jokes.

However, Kim Dokja didn't rise again. One hour passed and then two. Finally,
one day passed. It was the same when the second night arrived.

Kim Dokja didn't resurrect. His body was cold.

It was Min Jiwon who encouraged the members by making a coffin.

"...He was the strongest in Seoul."

She started doing what no one else could do. She knew Kim Dokja but she could
do it because her relationship with Kim Dokja was light.

Min Jiwon spoke of Kim Dokja's sacrifice. She spread the story of the man who
chose to die quietly while everyone was enthusiastically watching the battle
between the strongest people.

Everyone called Kim Dokja by different nicknames. In fact, when the dokkaebi
had named the strongest incarnation, people thought of different nicknames.

King of a Kingless World.

The lonely Messiah.

The Ugliest King...

The words were different but the direction they converged was all the same.
The strongest person in Seoul Dome was Kim Dokja and Kim Dokja died for Seoul.

Seoul was saved by Kim Dokja. A savior died in a place that no one knew.

Min Jiwon made a coffin for this Kim Dokja. People watched Kim Dokja's body
being laid in the coffin and held back tears. Some people were confused by who
he was while some people sighed after belatedly hearing the story.

Meanwhile, Shin Yoosung was crying. "Ahjussi..."

"Yoosung." Jung Heewon pulled Shin Yoosung away from the coffin. Lee Hyunsung
still had a confused expression while Lee Gilyoung's face was blank, as if he
was fleeing reality.

"Dokja hyung isn't dead."

Finally, Lee Jihye screamed, "...Where did Master go?"

"..."

"Master can save ahjussi\! Where is Seolhwa unni?"

However, Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't here to hear the blame. Eventually, Lee Jihye
also started crying. "Ahjussi..."

They had to admit it, even if they didn't want to. Kim Dokja was dead and he
wouldn't resurrect again.

\[The new main scenario will start soon.\]

They now had to live in a world without Kim Dokja.

  

* * *

  

They now had to live in a world without Kim Dokja. 

If it was Ways of Survival then this sentence would've been written.

"Well, don't mourn for me."

I wanted to shout but my voice didn't come out. It was because I was in a
state where my vocal cords weren't formed. It was comforting to be able to
observe the situation was a 'third party observer' whenever my mental power
was restored.

It would be nice if I could use 'first person's viewpoint' but it wasn't
working right now after being overloaded by Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Excessive immersion has restricted the use of 'first person viewpoint'.\]

The coffin was covered in dirt and some people shouted,

"The Ugliest King\!"

Shit. Did the dokkaebis attach the nickname 'the Ugliest King' to me? It must
be that bastard Bihyung.

I felt stranger when I saw Shin Yoosung crying and throwing flowers onto my
grave. The party members were now convinced that I was dead. I watched as they
attended my funeral. I was probably the only one like this.

"Haaaaaah\!"

Lee Gilyoung was weeping and had a runny nose as he ran towards the coffin
half covered in dirt. Lee Jihye was also the same.

"Ahjussiiiii\!"

She was normally a child who acted angrily towards me so I was touched. It
would be a funny scene if I woke up in the coffin right now.

However, I couldn't do that. It was because I was currently in the so-called
'cooldown' time.

\[The privilege of 'Eight Lives' has been activated.\]

The resurrection itself was nothing to worry about. I had the attribute Eight
Lives that I obtained from Peace Land after giving up King of No Killing. This
attribute could be obtained only by drinking the soul and flesh of Yamata no
Orochi, literally providing the person with eight lives.

\[The first head of the snake has been sacrificed.\]

\[The power of this head is Wary Person.\]

Different types of abilities slept in Yamata no Orochi's heads and after
resurrection, I could get a blessing related to the ability. This wasn't bad
at all. The problem was that unlike King of No Killing, there was a waiting
time with this privilege.

\[72 hours of waiting time are required before the resurrection.\]

\[Time remaining: 24:07:12\]

I still had one more day to go and it was time for the next scenario to start.
I watched my funeral a bit more before changing my point of view. I couldn't
resurrect yet so I felt sorry to watch it any longer.

\[Changing the person observed with 'third person viewpoint'.\]

Then a new screen popped up. It was a basement with antique finishes. A man
and woman were there.

"...Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi?" The woman was naturally Yoo Sangah. Needless to say, it
was Yoo Joonghyuk who released her from where she had been tied up. It was the
last favour I asked before leaving his body.

Yoo Sangah asked, "What happened to Dokja-ssi?"

"Kim Dokja is dead."

Yoo Sangah looked like the world had collapsed at Yoo Joonghyuk's blunt
declaration. I frowned slightly when I saw this expression. The 28 year old
Kim Dokja's life wasn't that bad.

"However, he will live again."

"...Live again? How?"

"I don't know. I just know he won't die like that."

Well, Yoo Joonghyuk had seen me resurrecting in the past. He would surely
believe that I would rise again eventually.

"...No, he must live."

Then why was he clenching his fist so much? Yoo Joonghyuk was silent for a
moment before speaking to Yoo Sangah, who was in shock.

"Where is Kim Dokja's family member?"

The remark surprised me. This bastard, why was he doing something I didn't ask
him to do? Yoo Sangah's face changed at the world 'family member'. She seemed
to have something urgent to say.

"His mother is..."

Unfortunately, at this moment, the screen was turned off and a message was
heard.

\[Your mental power is exhausted.\]

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 3 has been turned
off.\]

This was the bad thing about a soul body. The recovery of exhausted mental
power was slow. It was natural since there wasn't a physical body. A soul
without a body was like a battery that lost one electrode. The longer the
period without a body, the more exhausted the mind became. It was the reason
why ghosts went crazy.

'Did Nirvana kill my mother?'

I had to keep asking questions in order to keep from going crazy.

'It can't be'.

This was my mother, not someone else. Nirvana also wasn't a character who
easily killed or tortured others. Nirvana was a gentleman when acting as the
Salvation leader.

However, there were the last words that Nirvana spoke. He said that my mother
had a secret she kept from me. A secret that my mother was hiding from me? I
couldn't get a grip of it at all, no matter how hard I thought.

...I didn't know. No, maybe I didn't want to know.

Then an indirect message was heard.

\[The constellation 'Master of Abydos' is calling your soul.\]

I hadn't heard any indirect messages for a while so I was a bit confused.

...Master of Abydos? I pondered over the contents of Ways of Survival. If I
remembered correctly, Abydos was the capital of Ancient Egypt.

\[The nebula 'Papyrus' wants to offer you the 'story of resurrection'.\]

Oh, look at this? Papyrus was the nebula for Egyptian mythology.

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is calling your soul.\]

Eh? Metatron? As soon as I thought about it, the next message appeared.

\[The nebula 'Eden' wants to lead you down Messiah's Path.\]

The story of resurrection, Messiah...?

\[The constellation 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' wants to take you away from the
lower constellations.\]

\[The nebula 'Olympus' will set the stage for you.\]

...What was this?

\[The constellation 'Master of December 25th' is calling you.\]

\[The nebula 'Vedas' will present you with the 'holiday of resurrection'.\]

\[The constellation 'Flower Blossom of Seocheon Flower Fields1' is calling
your soul.\]

\[The nebula 'Tamna' wants you.\]

From Indian mythology to Korean mythology? Many more indirect messages were
pouring in. From huge nebulas to small nebulas, they all sent me love calls.

I could tell what these constellations were thinking. They were trying to
cover me with their myths?

\[Some constellations are facing each other.\]

\[Some constellations are giving warnings not to steal someone else's myths.\]

Dionysus, Mithra, Hallakgungi...

The constellations calling me were all involved in resurrection.

\[Constellations are having a battle of nerves over your resurrection.\]

In other words, these guys were trying to step into my narrative. All stories
were enhanced through being circulated. The more that humans told the story
and passed them on, the stronger the influence of the stories.

What if one day, the person called 'Kim Dokja' was resurrected after three
days and shouted the following words,

"I am Kim Dokja\! I received the blessing of Christ\!"

It didn't matter if Christ was replaced by Dionysus, Mithra or someone else.
People would be amazed and a myth would be reproduced on the spot.

The amazed incarnations would spread the story and the power of the story
would exceed imagination. As a result, the nebula related to the story would
have more power to intervene in the probability.

In other words, the nebula were in a frenzy because of this. I had the power
to control the scenarios.

\[Constellations of the Korean Peninsula are paying attention to your
choice.\]

  

* * *

\[1\] **Field of Seocheon** an important place in Korean mythology. It appears
in four myths, excluding the Igong Bonpuli. Wiki.


