### Chapter 12: Ep. 3  Contract, I

My body suddenly became heavy as I felt water entering my lungs. Then I was
sucked in somewhere. I wasn't torn apart because I fell with perfect timing.
However, I couldn't lose consciousness here. I had to stay awake. I needed to
wait for a while. Somehow, I managed to curl up and hold my breath. 10
seconds, 20 seconds, 30 seconds... I was barely breathing when my hands hit a
tangible wall in the darkness.

"U-Uwek." I could barely breathe even after coughing up the river water
several times. My level 10 physique saved me from being killed by hitting the
water surface, but the large and small bruises all over my body were very
painful. In order not to fall into a panic, I controlled my breathing and then
turned on my smartphone. I was worried it might've broken in the fall, but
fortunately, it powered on just fine. It was good that I'd spent a lot and
bought a smartphone with waterproof capabilities.

The flashlight turned on, and the surrounding scenery entered my eyes. There
were huge walls with concrete by-products floating by. The insides of an
ichthyosaur's stomach were more disgusting than I'd imagined.

"Dammit."

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression as he released his grip on me without hesitation
and then got off the bridge was vivid in my mind. I'd expected it, but it was
still more shocking than I thought it'd be.

...If I wanted to be his companion, I had to survive. It wasn't that I didn't
understand. The weight of this word, 'companion', was too great for Yoo
Joonghyuk. Since his failure in the first round of regression, Yoo Joonghyuk
had never made a real 'companion'. It was rare for humans to easily follow the
growth of a regressor. As a result, he had solved everything alone, was
revered as a savior, and was naturally lonely. To Yoo Joonghyuk, 'humans' were
only subordinates or enemies.

Thus, this was a test. If I wanted to be in an equal position with him, I had
to solve this much alone.

...Well, this was when I looked at it from Yoo Joonghyuk's viewpoint.

"A companion like you... Crazy psychopath."

I barely doggy paddled to a floating styrofoam panel and raised my body onto
it. Thanks to the warmth of the stomach, I wasn't cold. However, the problem
was what was to happen from now on. I closed my eyes and played the message
log I'd heard.

\[You have failed to clear the scenario.\]

\[Paid settlement will begin.\]

\[100 coins have been reduced for the channel usage fee.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has nodded at your
exciting remarks.\]

\[100 coins have been sponsored.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' nods at your choice.\]

\[100 coins have been sponsored.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is disappointed in your rash
remarks.\]

There were quite a few messages. Additionally, a few exposed constellations
sponsored me. Maybe it was due to the final conversation I had with Yoo
Joonghyuk. I felt a little down as I read through the messages of the
constellations one by one and collected the coins. If I had picked one of
these constellations in the first Sponsor Selection, this might not have
happened. However, I had no regret in my choice.

After encountering Yoo Joonghyuk directly, I was certain. The Great Sage,
Heaven's Equal might be a sponsor of the highest quality but he wasn't enough.
I needed more than just 'sponsorship' if I wanted to confront Yoo Joonghyuk.
That was what I would gain from here.

The walls of the stomach growled, and small waves rose inside. The sea
commander seemed to be moving somewhere. I turned on my smartphone and
calculated the time. According to Ways of Survival, the ichthyosaur started to
secrete stomach acid around three hours after ingesting food. In other words,
I didn't have much time left.

\[Haha, it is sad that things turned out like this. It was very interesting.\]
There was a sound effect before the dokkaebi's voice rang out.

"...Dokkaebi?"

\[Yes, that's right. You don't seem panicked at all?\]

"I knew you would come."

\[Hrmm. It sounds like you were waiting for me?\]

"Of course, I have been waiting."

A light turned on, and the dokkaebi appeared. I couldn't tell for sure from
his expression alone, but this guy was clearly interested. If I was pushed
here, I wouldn't be able to eat my meal. So, I deliberately spoke calmly, "Are
you doing to take coins from me?"

\[...Coins?\]

"You have to take coins in exchange for me failing the scenario."

\[Hmm, not your life?\]

"If it was my life, you would have written 'death' in the failure results
column, not three question marks. Doesn't this mean there is room to
negotiate?"

\[...Hahaha. How interesting.\]

In fact, there was a loophole in my words. The scenario message was 'Failure:
???'. This literally meant that the penalty of failure was unknown. It was
just my assumption that it was in exchange for coins. Nevertheless, there was
a reason why I was so certain.

"Am I wrong?"

It was because I already knew about this scenario.

The dokkaebi hesitated for a moment before nodding. \[You are right. It's
amazing that you could determine this point with such a clue... As expected from
someone who is attraction the constellations' attention.\] The dokkaebi's tone
was filled with sincere admiration. \[As you said, you can survive this sub-
scenario if you pay coins, even if you fail.\]

"How much?"

\[Pay 5,100 coins. Then I will let you live.\]

I looked at how many coins I currently possessed.

\[Coins Possessed: 5,100 C\]

I couldn't help smiling. This brat was messing around right now.

"That is too much."

\[Haha, then won't you die? It is up to me to accept the coins or not. If you
do something wrong, I can just end it here.\]

"Then kill me."

\[...Huh?\]

"Kill me."

\[.\]

"You can't kill me?"

The dokkaebi didn't move. This was a natural reaction. After all, he was
having a lot of fun with me right now. Furthermore, he wouldn't have come down
here to see me if he had been planning to kill me. For this guy, I had to
survive here or at least to die miserably.

\[Haha. You are really making me angry. Look, now...\] The dokkaebi's flat-
shaped eyebrows wriggled furiously. It was time to stop the taunts and get to
the main point.

"Low-grade dokkaebi, Bihyung. How are the activities of a streamer?"

If there was a crack in the face, it would look exactly like this. Dokkaebi
Bihyung showed confusion for the first time.

\[H-How do you know my name?\]

"You haven't been enjoying broadcasting lately, right? The constellations are
too stingy."

\[W-Who the hell are you? How does a human...\] Bihyung's horns shook. It was a
natural reaction. After all, an ordinary human couldn't know about the Star
Stream system. However, I wasn't an ordinary human.

\[A few constellations have doubts about your existence.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter''s eyes are shining at your plan.\]

From now on, it wasn't a story for the constellations. I mouthed to Bihyung,
"How about we talk after you close the channel?"

Bihyung was worried and closed the channel.

\[\#BI-7623 channel is closed.\]

Once the constellations left the channel, Bihyung showed his true colors.

\[Feel free to speak. You... How can an ordinary human know about the Star
Stream broadcasting?\]

"That isn't important."

\[Huh?\]

"Bihyung, do you want to be 'king of the dokkaebis'?"

\[What now\]

"Don't you wish to be the best streamer in the network, surpassing Dokgak and
Gildal?" Bihyung's complexion was changing. "Dokkaebi Bihyung, sign a contract
with me. Then I will make you the king of the dokkaebis."


