### Chapter 374: Ep. 71 - 50 years later, II

50 years? What the hell was that all about?

As my vision grew blurrier, I caught the smile floating up on the Warrior
Monk's lips.

 Oh, dear Bodhisattva. Please, try to endure time itself.

\[Transfer to the Main Island has begun\!\]

\['Wall that Decides Samsara' is investigating information of your Stories\!\]

\[Investigation has concluded\!\]

\[The scenario location for you and your companions has been decided.\]

This was the very last message I heard before losing my consciousness.

\[Sub-scenario, 'Genre Selection', has begun\!\]

  

* * *

  

Ricardo stared into the pitch-black liquid filling up his transparent cup and
recalled the memories of the distant past.

"Even if you train for 50 years, it'll be difficult for you to become a royal
court mage."

That was back when he first started learning magic.

"You don't seem to possess the suitable constitution to become a scholar."

That was when the number one scholar in the Kaizenix Archipelago came to tutor
him.

"Your hands are not suited to holding a sword."

And that was back when he grabbed a sword for the first time in the royal
swordsmanship training grounds.

"Some lives are like that. What's important is to never fall into despair and
continue to strive forward, son."

Ricardo's father, Verchen Von Kaizenix, said those words.

That couldn't console him, though. A man who had no talent nor desire to do
anything wouldn't be consoled after hearing those words, anyway.

Even with no talent, he should strive forward regardless? What would he become
if he continued to live on like that, anyway?

Ricardo drunk himself into a stupor every single day. He hung around with the
archipelago's worst hooligans and did drugs. He even became addicted to
gambling and squandered away the fortunes of his family, too.

He even fell in love. Once upon a time.

She was older, and the most beautiful woman in the entire archipelago.
Unfortunately, even that had to end after she married his oldest brother.

Ricardo stared at that black liquid and muttered to himself.

"I'll just kill myself."

That resolution was the first time he swallowed the brave pill in his life.

He lightly grasped the cup, and as if drinking wine, he emptied its contents
in one go. Its effect manifested itself not too long afterwards. His
complexion became dark and lifeless, and his arms faltered to the side with no
energy.

And exactly four hours later.

Someone else opened his eyes in Ricardo's body.

  

* * *

  

Besides 'Ways of Survival', I had read quite a few other stories. When I was
young, I read those great works of literature my mother recommended, and after
I grew up a bit, I began selecting books on my own volition to read.

As an aside, the very first web-novel I read began with its protagonist
harping on about his misfortune while dying before waking back up again.

Just like now.

"Blergh...\!"

"Your highness\! Prince Ricardo\! Are you alright, my lord?"

Someone was patting me on the back, and I vomited out the contents of my
stomach for a long time.

I wiped my mouth and raised my head only to discover a mirror. The handsome
face reflected in it was pale and charmingly attractive.

...It was definitely my face, but something felt unfamiliar about it.

Who was I?

...Ricardo...?

"You probably know this already, but I'm not a prophet. No, I am as far
removed from such a being as you can get."

I am...

"I'm not the 'Demon King of Salvation'. I'm also not the 'King of a Kingless
World'."

I am...?

"Twenty-eight... No, wait. I was twenty-eight, and I was an employee of a game
company. My hobby was reading web-novels..."

\[Your Stories are resisting against the Giant Story that sets this world's
view\!\]

\[Exclusive skill, 'The Fourth Wall', is strongly activating\!\]

I slowly closed my eyes before opening them again, and was immediately
overcome with the sensation of the world separating itself from me.

\['The Fourth Wall' has impeded your character immersion.\]

\[Due to the effect of 'The Fourth Wall', your ego has been fully retained.\]

\[Probability of the Island is suspicious of your preferential treatment.\]

I was greeted by the feelings of an unfamiliar body. This one didn't belong to
me.

I am Kim Dokja.

My consciousness returned to me in full, and the chain of memories was
organised in an instant. I was participating in the 'Great War of Saints and
Demons' scenario, and had just entered the Main Island.

It was awash with the various spectrum of 3rd generation Stories. Different
Stories created different genres of worldviews, and the one right in front of
my eyes was...

"...Body possession."

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

\[A term not aligned with the worldview has been spoken\!\]

\[Penalty will be imposed\!\]

By the time I woke up again, two hours would have passed by.

  

* * *

  

"Your highness, are you feeling alright?"

Someone was calling out to me from beyond my hazy view.

"...Please, may I have some water?"

\[You have used language not in line with the worldview\!\]

\[Penalty will...\]

"...Hand me some water."

"Here it is."

After drinking large gulps of cold water, I felt my reasoning return bit by
bit. My head was in a mess as the memories of someone else rushed in. I was
now occupying the body of a man who had already lived for over 30 years.

In certain areas on the 'Main Island', words that don't align with the
applicable worldview will be prohibited from being spoken.

I could just about remember some stuff from the 'Ways of Survival'. Although
this particular turn barely got a passing mention, the novel definitely did
feature a scenario such as this one.

The so-called 'Possession scenario'.

I'd be advancing the scenario 'Great War of Saints and Demons' from this
person's perspective from here onwards.

\[It is impossible to summon a Dokkaebi when in the applicable area.\]

\[You are unable to receive indirect messages from the Constellations when in
the applicable area.\]

...Not only that, strange restrictions were in place, too. This was a different
development from the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' that I knew of.

"...Looks like I'll have to collect information first."

\[You have performed actions befitting the personality of the host body.\]

\[Your understanding of the applicable host body is increasing.\]

Straight away, I began rummaging through the memories from the 'Ways of
Survival'.

The Kaizenix Archipelago, the isle of heroes that led the Age of Saints and
Demons.

I couldn't really recall any particularly useful information. Why did it have
to be an area that didn't get much of a mention in the 'Ways of Survival'?

But, it didn't feel like a completely foreign place to me, though...

Was that because of the memories of the person I had possessed overflowing
into me?

\[Exclusive skill, 'Character List', has been activated\!\]

Now originally, I couldn't see my Attribute Window. However, if it was the one
belonging to the host body that I took over, then...

<Character Summary>

Name: Ricardo Von Kaizenix \(Kim Dokja\)

Age: 31

Sponsor: None \(Currently, '1' Constellation has shown interest.\)

Exclusive Attributes: A Gifted Hoodlum

Exclusive Skills: \[Royalty's Outer Appearance Lv.3\], \[Soliloquy Lv.6\],
\[Roleplay Lv.5\]

Stigma: None

Overall Stats: \[Physique Lv. 10\], \[Strength Lv.10\], \[Agility Lv.10\],
\[Magic Power Lv.10\]

Overall Evaluation: The person you have taken over is the 4th Prince of the
Kaizenix Archipelago. Unfortunately, he lacks talent in all types of combat
abilities, including swordsmanship, magic, etc.

\* Currently afflicted by Abnormal Status Condition: 'Possessed'.

...Why was I stuck inside such a guy's body?

The scenario's message definitely told me that I'd occupy a 'host related to
me'. However, what did this wastrel prince have in common with me? Not only
that, this dude's natural muscular stat was 10. The only thing similar between
us would be our age, but even then...

"Your highness, are you immersing yourself in roleplay once more?"

"Roleplay?"

"Last time, you were imitating our First Ancestor... You're now wearing an
outfit that I haven't seen before, your highness. You're dressed like the
people from Earth's chronicles, sir."

I took a look at the mirror without thinking too much about it and spotted the
familiar outfit. Bizarrely enough, all my equipment had been transferred along
with my possession of the host body.

I replied in a dead-pan manner. "It's an outfit of a certain Demon King."

"...A Demon King, your highness?"

I reached into the coat's inner pocket, and fortunately enough, I could feel
the equipment I possessed still in there. I took out my smartphone first. In
order to acquire more info on this place, I needed to check the contents of
the 'Ways of Survival'...

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

\[The applicable item does not line up with the worldview and therefore cannot
be used.\]

...Screw this damn penalty.

The butler alongside me must've interpreted my actions in his own way, since
he spoke as thus. "Indeed, your highness, it'll be better to enjoy yourself
for one last time. Soon, 'his' majesty will call for you. Well, then."

Leaving behind those words, the butler went away from my side. And I was left
all alone in this small room.

Kim Dok ja is lone ly.

Right, it's a relief that at least you're here with me. I wonder what had
happened to my other companions...

According to the last message I heard, it was highly probable that they all
ended up in the same area as me. For the time being, I switched the scenario
window on. The backlogged messages rose up non-stop in my view.

\[You have entered Main Island's 'Kaizenix Archipelago'.\]

\['Kaizenix Archipelago' is currently cut off from the 'Great War of Saints
and Demons' conflict region's space-time.\]

\[You can advance to the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' after solving the
applicable area's sub-scenario.\]

I'd probably have to raise an army here and participate in the 'Great War of
Saints and Demons'. Meaning, this place would serve as a foundation to enter
that war.

\[You can't view the information on the scenario yet.\]

\[The plot of the applicable scenario will change according to the route you
have chosen.\]

The route I've chosen?

No, hang on a minute. At least I need to know what the conditions for failure
is, so I can...

\[You won't fail the applicable scenario as long as you do not die.\]

Now, this kind of situation would be my first.

In any case, I wouldn't fail this scenario as long as I stay alive, was that
it? I sat down on the bed and calmly organised my thoughts.

My name in the current worldview was Ricardo Von Kaizenix.

As this scenario was built upon the basis of 'possession', I had to perfectly
carry on acting like the prince I took over.

My current priority should be to search for the other members of <Kim Dokja's
Company>. It was highly possible that they were possessing other people like
me, so only after I find them would I be...

"Your highness, are you in? It's Knight Bilston."

Just as I began thinking, someone knocked on the door.

The Knight Bilston Framer  if Ricardo's memories were correct, then that guy
was supposed to be my escort knight.

"His majesty is calling for you, your highness."

The moment he pushed open the door to enter the room, I was immediately taken
over by this unexplainable feeling. The person standing before me was a knight
boasting white moustache in his early 40s. Without a doubt, I should've been
unfamiliar with his appearance. But then...

\[Your Stories are reacting towards the applicable individual\!\]

\[Exclusive attribute, 'Scenario Interpreter', is displaying its effect\!\]

The knight's face was changing bit by bit.

"...Ja-ssi"

A voice that I really missed entered my head, even though it hadn't been that
long since last I heard it.

"Back when I was still in the military, there was an incident where I lost a
spent cartridge."

The Story accumulated within the man was talking to me right now. Words that
lost the majority of their strength were desperately pleading with me
regarding something.

"I told myself to never lose one ever again."

I knew the owner of that particular Story well.

"...Hyunsung-ssi?"

When I spoke up, Lee Hyunsung stared back at me.

\[Applicable individual does not understand your words.\]

"It is you, isn't it? Hyunsung-ssi?"

\[Applicable individual does not understand your words.\]

\[Applicable worldview has recommended that you perfectly act according to the
role you were given.\]

Lee Hyunsung staring at me with vacant eyes soon formed an awkward grin and
replied back. "Hyunsung? Haha, are you still in the middle of your roleplay,
your highness? May I be permitted to inquire as to who you were imitating just
now?"

It seemed that Lee Hyunsung couldn't recognise me at all  along with an
expression of someone who didn't remember me on his face.

I called out his name. "Lord Bilston."

"Yes, your highness."

"Do you not recognise this outfit?"

"Mm... Is that the outfit of the Demon Hunters? Or, maybe, a member of
Revolutionaries..."

Although my current face was different, my current attire was the white coat
that I've been wearing all along. If this man was really Lee Hyunsung, there
was just no way that he'd not recognise it.

But the fact that he still failed to do so could only mean...

\[Exclusive skill, 'Character List', has activated\!\]

<Character Summary>

Name: Bilston Framer \(???\)

Age: 43

Sponsor: None

Exclusive Attributes: Loyalty, An Honourable Knight

Exclusive Skills: \[Rapid Reaction Force Lv.8\], \[Kingdom's Royal
Swordsmanship Lv.8\]

Stigma: None

Overall Stats: \[Physique Lv.80\], \[Strength Lv. 80\], \[Agility Lv. 80\],
\[Magic Power Lv. 80\]

Overall Evaluation: Once upon a time, there used to be two souls living within
this body. He was a knight of the kingdom, and at the same time, a shield of
someone else. The shield waited for his master to appear. He waited, and then
waited some more. Finally, the master of the shield has appeared after a long
wait, but the shield can no longer perform its role anymore.

While reading the explanation in the Attribute Window over and over again, I
recalled the Invincible Fist Yoo Hoseong's warning.

 When you get to the Main Island, be careful of the 'Giant Story'.

 If it's a Giant Story, I think I can control it now.

 I didn't mean it that way. You will end up fighting against a Giant Story
itself when you get there.

Only then did I understand the meaning behind those words.

I raised my head to sense the movement of a gigantic Probability encasing the
entirety of the archipelago. Something was staring at me. Something that was
neither a Constellation nor a Demon King.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is avariciously staring at you.\]

I clenched my fists and bit down on my lip.

The still-oblivious Lee Hyunsung continued to mutter to himself in the
meantime. "Hmm, if it's not the Revolutionaries, then maybe, another
kingdom's..."

The Lee Hyunsung that I knew had been swallowed up by this world and
disappeared already.


