### Chapter 186: Ep. 35 - The 73rd Demon King, V

Stop\! Stop it you son of a bitch\!

At this time, the main scenario was flowing through the holographic panel at
the Seoul branch of the bureau. Some dokkaebis sighed as they watched the
storm of magic power on the screen.

The dokkaebis instinctively knew it. The scene that would unfold from now on
would be the best story since the Seoul Dome scenario began.

Bihyung watched the scene and was one of them.

Yoo Joonghyuk\! This damn  bastard...\! Please\!

Everyone stop him\! Block Yoo Joonghyuk\!

Some dokkaebis expressed dissatisfaction with the filtering. However, Bihyung
was different. Despite the mix of filtering, Bihyung was now able to
understand their words to a certain extent.

Some words could be read, even if they weren't completely written. The same
was probably true for the constellations who had been watching the channel all
along.

Otherwise, the following messages wouldn't come out.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is despairing at the tragic
situation.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is tearing out his hair
in lumps.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is looking disturbed.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is silently watching the situation.\]

.

.

\[Some constellations resent the atrocities of the nebula\!\]

\[Many constellations are completely immersed in the unpredictable
developments.\]

Bihyung couldn't take his eyes off the screen.

Yoo Joonghyuk who wanted to become the demon king and Kim Dokja who wanted to
stop him...

Bihyung saw this and was reminded of the days when he was a novice dokkaebi.

It was a time when he was doing all sorts of events in the Star Stream. All
the stories were lovely and he couldn't bear the curiosity of the next story.

The feelings of those days when he was immersed in the incarnations of his
channel were pure and unforgettable...

Bihyung struggled to ignore the emotions wriggling inside him.

'That is just a story'.

No matter how tragic or sad, a story was just a story. The story of Kim Dokja
and Yoo Joonghyuk was just one of the countless stories repeated in the Star
Stream.

Most of the stories had already been seen and he had long forgotten the
excitement. All he knew was how to give an exaggerated and stimulating
directing.

Then why? Bihyung desperately held the egg in his arms.

'Shit\! Kim Dokja\! Do something. As always, fool everyone with an unexpected
development\!'

Kim Dokja would find a new method, just like he always did. The dokkaebi had
such expectations.

"It is really tragic. Isn't that right?" The head of the Seoul branch, Baram
stood beside him.

Bihyung looked at him and answered, "...It is a very tragic situation for a half
constellation."

The nebulae would suffer greatly from this intervention. Using Deus X Machina
on this scale wouldn't stop at simply sacrificing lower constellations.

Each constellation shared the probability through the nebula and this incident
caused tremendous loss to the probability. If a war between nebulae was to
take place in this situation, the loss caused by Kim Dokja would be a decisive
blow.

Baram replied after a moment, "I think it is worth it if Kim Dokja dies. As I
said, they are very sensitive to issues related to the 'end of everything'.
They think that the likelihood of Kim Dokja is very high."

"...Then the situation is unfortunate."

"Hrmm? Why?"

"Kim Dokja won't die." Bihyung continued without understanding why he was
making such a boast. "As long as he becomes the demon king, Yoo Joonghyuk
won't kill Kim Dokja."

Bihyung looked back at the screen.

Perhaps the plan was the nebulae was to kill Kim Dokja by making Yoo Joonghyuk
the demon king. However, it was the arrogance of the nebulae who didn't fully
understand Yoo Joonghyuk's personality.

Don't interrupt\!

Bihyung watched Yoo Joonghyuk through the screen and swallowed down the
boiling sensation.

In the end, Yoo Joonghyuk would die here but Kim Dokja would live. Thus, Kim
Dokja would once again escape the constellation's fate.

If he survived and survived, someday...

Baram laughed, "You don't know 'fate' yet."

"...Huh?"

"Do you think the nebulae wouldn't have known this? Do you believe that they
wouldn't have analyzed Kim Dokja's personality, even if they can't read his
future? Then you are underestimating the weight of destiny."

"What..."

Bihyung was interrupted by the bright flash that came from the screen.

\[The Star Stream is announcing the status of the constellation who doesn't
yet have a name.\]

The magnificent light covered the entire holographic panel and even advanced
dokkaebis like Baram were impressed.

"Look. Fate is about to be realized."

  

* * *

  

"Dokja-ssi\! What are you doing? Wake up\!"

I watched Yoo Joonghyuk being tinged with demonic energy and was in a dazed
state.

Are you concerned about what will happen to this world after I go back?

You must be afraid. The moment I disappear, this world will disappear. Isn't
that right?

It was like thousands of insects had entered my eyes as my senses were
disturbed.

"Kyaaaaak\!" The party members screamed.

There was an explosion in the surrounding area.

This world won't disappear if I regress. This world won't end or be upset if
I die.

The words spoken by Yoo Joonghyuk encroached on my head.

'This world won't disappear, even if Yoo Joonghyuk goes back'.

I didn't understand it. Yoo Joonghyuk's sponsor. The existence that never
responded to anything in Ways of Survival... actually replied to Yoo Joonghyuk?

Why? Under these circumstances?

"Dokja-ssi\!"

I didn't know.

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' is activated\!\]

\[The 5th bookmark, Kyrgios Rodgraim is selected\!\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Miniaturization Lv. 3' is activated\!\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Electrification' Lv. 11 \(+1\) has been activated.\]

My body size was reduced in an instant and the blue-white trail moved towards
Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Kim Dokja\!" Yoo Joonghyuk growled out.

The blue-white energy hit Yoo Joonghyuk's blade and a terrible collision sound
was heard.

The combination of Electrification and Purest Sword Force met the power of
Giant Body Transformation and Splitting the Sky.

I had a thought as I watched the ether storm explode.

If Yoo Joonghyuk was right, I would no longer have to worry about him
regressing. Even if he returned, I could guarantee that this world remained
and keep living in it.

"Kim Dokja, think about it. The opportunities won't often come."

The muscles of my body creaked from the excessive force collision. Yoo
Joonghyuk also poured out all of his power.

I felt the texture of the blade in my hand and realized. My pain was
alleviated by Fourth Wall while Yoo Joonghyuk would be taking all of it
without a wall.

"No, it's difficult."

Was it okay just because he could regress? Would he sacrifice himself to end
this scenario?

I told him, "There is no such development in the ending that I want."

"Are you still failing to understand? I must be the demon king...\!"

"I will be the demon king."

"Don't talk bullshit\! If you do that, you will surely die. After being
banished from the scenario, resurrection is useless\!"

Perhaps Yoo Joonghyuk didn't understand my words. There was a huge wall
between us that couldn't be filled.

However, it was due to this wall that I could see this guy again and again.
Yoo Joonghyuk's remorse, his despair and his dreams. An indomitable will that
didn't give up.

I grew up reading all of this.

"Think about it. Who would watch a story without the protagonist?"

There were numerous memories in my head. I overcame all the tragedies in my
life with a single story. It was the story of a person who never gave up, no
matter what. That story made me. I could survive to reach here.

"I will pay off the debt."

"...Debt? What do you mean?"

"You saved me once. Now I'm going to save you."

"What nonsense is this...?"

I listened to Yoo Joonghyuk's voice while using all the techniques I had
saved. It was a technique that would exhaust my physical endurance, even if it
was just for a moment. It was the first time I tried it directly but it was
probably theoretically possible.

"Turn off Miniaturization."

At the same time, my body that was covered in the brilliance of
Electrification started to return to its original size.

\[Your current body configuration is different from that of the character.\]

\[At present, you can't use Electrification with your body composition.\]

\[The powerful skill penalty will encroach on your body\!\]

Electrification was a technique that could only be used by a 'small person'.
However, if I released Miniaturization while using Electrification, I could
still use the power of Electrification with my original body. My body wandered
through a deadly situation but once Miniaturization was turned off, the power
of Electrification was amplified.

"Kim Dokja...\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes widened with astonishment as the power of Electrification
filled the area. The dazzling blue-white ether swept the hall and Yoo
Joonghyuk was thrown back into the wall as he coughed up a large amount of
blood.

A few steps away, I saw Lee Gilyoung picking up the jade that Yoo Joonghyuk
had dropped. "Gilyoung. Give that to me."

Lee Gilyoung hesitantly withdrew from me. "I don't want to. I heard it all. If
hyung gets this..."

As Lee Gilyoung hesitated, Han Sooyoung shouted at him. "Stupid\! Get away
from Kim Dokja\!"

It was too late. I instantly narrowed the distance and snatched the jade from
Lee Gilyoung's hand.

"I'm sorry Gilyoung."

At the same time, a surge from Electrification emerged and the people around
me were thrown back.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Bookmark' has been forcibly terminated.\]

My body was overloaded and blood gushed from me. I grasped the jade tightly as
my consciousness blurred. Then demonic energy flowed from the jade and wrapped
around my whole body.

\[Constellations of the Vedas nebula are smiling with satisfaction.\]

Yes, this was what they wanted.

\[You have met the qualifications to become the 73rd demon king.\]

\[The precious jade is amazed by your potential.\]

\[A new main scenario has been acquired\!\]

"Dokja-ssi\!"

The system messages blocked the voices of my party members, which was vaguely
heard.

\[If you choose the way of the demon king, you must destroy all existences on
the third level of Dark Castle.\]

\[If you fail the scenario, you will be banished forever from this scenario.\]

Banishment from the scenario. It didn't have the same meaning as 'death'. It
was to be kicked forever from the flow controlled by the Star Stream.

I would die in that empty void that couldn't be reached by the eyes of the
dokkaebis and constellations.

There was no one in the Star Stream who could endure that void. No
constellations could exist without the scenario.

Now I knew for sure. This was what those damn nebulae were hoping for. I knew
very well what that damn fate was pointing to.

"I am the demon king."

\[The precious jade has chosen a new candidate to become the 73rd demon
king.\]

\[The new '73rd Demon King' is elected.\]

A mighty demonic energy filled my whole body.

\[You have got a new story\!\]

\[You have inherited the power of the 'demon king.\]

My damaged body received the enormous demonic energy and recovered its
strength in an instant. No, it was more than recovering. It was a huge energy
I had never felt before. I was reborn as something completely different.

\[The Star Stream will announce your status.\]

\[Your status is narrative-grade.\]

.

.

\[Your 'stigma' has opened\!\]

\[A strong demonic energy is polluting your constellation.\]

\[You have become a corrupted constellation\!\]

A corrupted constellation. It was the Star Stream's name for the demon kings.

\[Many constellations are greatly shocked by your choice.\]

\[Constellations of the absolute good system are showing fierce hostility
towards you.\]

The dark demonic energy slowly lifted and I could see the party members
looking at me with devastated expressions. The people who knelt down were
trembling like they couldn't believe it.

Yoo Joonghyuk's desperate face could also be seen in the distance.

\[The Main Scenario \#10  '73rd Demon King' has started\!\]

I looked at them and opened my mouth in a grand manner. "Everybody wake up."

Everything in the last three days had been for this moment.

"Remember how to deal with a demon king."

The nebulae probably thought it was going as they planned. Finally, as fate
decreed, Kim Dokja would die here.

However, they would never know. Just as they placed the scenario of fate here...
I had been preparing for three days to escape from this damn fate.

Faint sunlight was leaking in from the gap in the broken ceiling. I laughed as
I gazed at the sunlight that seemed dazzling.

"Now let's start the last scenario."

Today was the day that 'Incarnation Kim Dokja' would die.


