### Chapter 219: Ep. 41 - Real Revolutionary, V

Yoo Joonghyuk entered the industrial complex by using Covert Maneuver and
Stealth Shroud.

\[You have entered the new main scenario area.\]

The Demon Realm's industrial complex. He had visited the Demon Realm in the
second regression but it was the first time he came in this period of time.

He slowly looked around and saw the citizens wandering the area. Their faces
showed that they abandoned the scenario and felt despair at the world.

It was one of the reasons why Yoo Joonghyuk rarely formed bonds. He didn't
want to share that despair. This was the most poisonous emotion for a
regressor.

'It is quieter than I thought. I thought it would be a mess thanks to Kim
Dokja'.

He looked around and there wasn't anyone who seemed to be Kim Dokja. He would
be easily seen with his unusual behaviour...

Yoo Joonghyuk wondered if he was really alive.

"...How annoying. It is too big."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is hoping you won't make any
unnecessary sacrifices.\]

He turned his head to see the Uriel doll puffing up her cheeks. Yoo Joonghyuk
gave a small sigh and focused his eyesight as he looked around. He came here
with the symbolic body of an archangel so his actions were limited.

'I can grab a citizen and ask...'

As he focused his senses, he felt dark energy hiding among the citizens. It
was a characteristic of demons. If it was a demon then the archangel couldn't
say anything.

'They must have a lot of information'.

Of course, a demon was strong. However, Yoo Joonghyuk was a transcendent. He
rose to this realm without borrowing the power of his sponsor. There were few
presences that could threaten Yoo Joonghyuk unless they were equal to a
constellation.

'That is a good one'.

Yoo Joonghyuk moved through the shadows like flowing water and quickly spotted
his desired target. Yoo Joonghyuk activated a skill before the startled demon
earl could scream.

\[The exclusive skill 'Sound Wave Blocking Lv. 10'. is activated\!\]

The demon earl's neck was grabbed. Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "If you
answer my questions carefully from now on, I will spare you."

Of course, he didn't mean to spare the demon but he still said so. It was
because he knew from experience that this was more effective.

The confused demon earl shouted, "W-Who are you...\!"

"Kueeok\! S-Such a thing..."

A brutal assault was poured towards the demon earl and his body became ragged
in an instant. The demon earl coughed up black blood and spat out all types of
curses. Then he changed his tune in less than five minutes.

"A-Ask\! Ask anything you want\!"

Then Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth. "Kim Dokja..."

Yoo Joonghyuk was talking when he suddenly remembered something. 'Kim Dokja'
obviously wouldn't mention his own name here. Yoo Joonghyuk changed the
question.

"Where is Yoo Joonghyuk?"

  

* * *

  

\[Someone has made a 'Yoo Joonghyuk declaration'\!\]

\[Someone has made a 'Yoo Joonghyuk declaration'\!\]

Numerous citizens shouted the name 'Yoo Joonghyuk'. It seemed as if the entire
industrial complex had become 'Yoo Joonghyuk'. As I came to my senses, I
noticed the countless 'Yoo Joonghyuk' advancing towards the Factory.

"I am Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

"I am the real Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Of course, I moved between them and raised a hand.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! Wow..."

Yoo Joonghyuk should've seen this sight...

I wondered what he would look like if he was here.

\[The name of 'Revolutionary Yoo Joonghyuk' is being widely spread in the 73rd
Demon Realm.\]

The Star Stream was a world of stories. So many citizens here were calling out
Yoo Joonghyuk's name so he must've acquired a considerable degree of stories.
I didn't know what these jerks were doing but he got to eat well...

Then a strange message was heard.

\[Your reputation is rising.\]

Huh?

\[The reputation of 'Kim Dokja' is rapidly increasing in the 73rd Demon
Realm.\]

The messages continued to be heard.

...What was this situation? I never said my name?

\[T-These damn guys...\!\]

On the other hand, Duke Syswitz was baffled by the surging tide of people.

\[The last executioner has died.\]

\[Duke Syswitz's 'ruler' effect is disabled.\]

Then Jang Hayoung finally completed his mission.

\[All executioners in the industrial complex have died.\]

\[Everyone in the industrial complex has gained the 'execution right' for the
ruler.\]

\[From now on, the 'Night of Revolution' will begin\!\}

Night of Revolution. The citizens were excited as they heard this message for
their first time in their lives. The 'execution rights' for the duke. They had
the power to directly punish the ruler.

"Wahhhh\! Goooooo\!"

Just like waves hitting hard reefs, the citizens flocked towards the Factory.
The citizens were bloody and countless citizens were trampled on by the
Factory, but this caused the citizens' will to burn even higher.

"Smash it\!"

The citizens were thinking that they just needed to smash this big pile of
metal. They just needed to get beyond this iron barrier and they could tear
apart the duke.

 However, the citizens didn't know. This was actually the greatest hurdle of
this revolution. 

The giant grinder started to spin and the citizens were sliced apart in the
blink of an eye.

"Uwaaaack\!"

"Back off\!"

In the Revolutionary Scenario, the Night of Revolution was the time when the
duke was the weakest. It was because every citizen in the industrial zone
gained the power to kill the duke. Nevertheless, there were conditions. The
duke needed to come out of the Factory.

"Shit\! It is too hard\!"

The shall of the Factory didn't break down no matter how it was smashed. The
duke laughed.

\[Foolish things.\]

At one time, he was also a revolutionary. Thus, he never thought about this
day. Night of Revolution was the most dangerous time for a duke. Still, the
duke was absolutely safe as long as he didn't leave the Factory.

\[There is nothing that can destroy this Factory.\]

Thus, the duke made his Factory in the hardest form in the world. It was built
on the basis of the Giant Soldier in the Underworld. It was impossible for
this fearsome story weapon to be broken with the power of the citizens.

The duke showed no mercy in his movements. Every time the grinder moved, the
citizens' bodies were torn to pieces. Indirect messages poured down from the
sky like rain.

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is drunk from the battlefield
of blood.\]

\[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is excited about the human slaughter.\]

The coin messages poured as the ranks of the citizens were broken.

"Aaaaack\!"

The revolution was crumbling before the solid outer wall that couldn't be
broken.

"Aileen. Is everything ready?"

"The temporary measures are over. But the battle..."

"It's fine. I just need to move once."

I responded roughly and stood up. This was probably the limit of what I was
capable of with the story repair.

\[Where are you hiding? Recite that smug revolutionary declaration again\!\]

I listened to the duke's voice and went forward. I held firmly to Unbroken
Faith and walked step by step. Sparks appeared around the outer shell of the
Factory thanks to excessive probability consumption. The Factory was obviously
a force outside the scenario. It was the constellations supporting this unfair
scenario.

 Kim Dokja thought: If the duke is crushing the people with a power from
outside the scenario, I can do the same thing.

"Biyoo."

The hiding Biyoo emerged with a "Baat."

"Extend the bandwidth of the channel to the Underworld."

It might be difficult for the present Biyoo but if I didn't do this, I
wouldn't be able to use this method.

"Can you do it?"

Biyoo seemed tired but nodded.

\[Baat.\]

This was really the last resort. I remembered the memories of my second trip
to the Underworld.

This is the key to making a giant soldier. Understood?

Oho, it was like this... hey, I really appreciate it\!

Well, if you really appreciate it, place my name in the maker column.

I hadn't used it until now because this story weapon consumed a huge amount of
probability. A weapon that would cause a probability storm simply by summoning
it. Therefore, this weapon was limited by probability unless it was a scenario
of Gigantomachia. It was impossible for me to summon it, even if I have the
strongest sword.

"Prisoner of the Golden Headband."

The story was a bit different if I wasn't alone.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking at you.\]

"Please help me."

Of course, it was only a summoning even with the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal's
help. Even so, I could win just by summoning it.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' says it is against the
fairness of the scenario.\]

"I want to change this scenario."

I stopped talking and glanced at the Factory where sparks were flying. They
might've received a buff due to the execution rights but the citizens weren't
able to lay one hand on the duke. If this continued, the population of the
industrial complex would be wiped up in the next few minutes.

"Besides, hasn't it stopped being fair a long time ago?"

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is annoyed.\]

Damn, I thought we were a bit closer. Originally, the Great Sage, Heaven's
Equal was the type that didn't get easily involved in such matters. Maybe it
was a miracle that he was even listening to me.

"Are you really going to leave these guys alone? They are the ones who
hijacked the probability first."

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is rejoicing in the mess.\]

"There are no dokkaebis here to deter them."

The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal was silent. Thinking about it, he didn't lend
me probability even during the King of a Kingless World story. In the end, I
committed a taboo.

"Did you receive a strange message a while ago?"

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is asking about what you
mean.\]

"I don't know the details but it is about the missing hair"

A thunderous aura was felt from the sky. It was the Great Sage, Heaven's
Equal's anger.

I shouted in reply to the anger. "That's right. They are the ones who sent
it."

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is staring at you with
astonishment.\]

\[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is biting his nails at the unexpected
situation.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is furious.\]

At this moment, the hair of the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal that I left in my
pocket floated into the air. I replied with a sigh, "...I will use it well."

I grasped the hair and felt the power of a condensed story. There was inherent
energy in the hair. It was hard for me to measure the strength of the Great
Sage, Heaven's Equal. The first thing that mattered here...

I hesitated for a moment before watching the sky and chanting the 'starting
words'.

"...Now, the sword designed to cut a sleeping giant."

The moment I started chanting the first words, the colour of the sky began to
change. The clouds showed signs of abnormality and a new, ominous aura filled
the night sky.

\[Constellations of the Demon Realm have noticed your presence\!\]

Yes, I was caught. It would be strange if I wasn't noticed but it couldn't be
helped. I hoped that Persephone and Hades would take care of me.

"Now, descend here."

The discoloured sky started to split in half. In the gap, two huge eyes were
staring at me.

\[The Giant Soldier Pluto has responded to your call.\]

The sparks of a formidable probability shook my body. I jerked like an
electric eel and red blood flowed from my eyes. I wanted to scream but it was
a pain that didn't even allow me to scream.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is sharing your
probability.\]

My already tattered body wasn't immediately destroyed because the Great Sage,
Heaven's Equal was bearing some of the price.

\[The demon kings of the Demon Realm are stunned by the surprise probability
storm\!\]

\[A few constellations are surprised by the abnormalities in the scenario\!\]

There was another huge shadow covering the sky. Some citizens noticed and
stared at the sky. Then their eyes slowly widened.

"D-Disaster..."

The duke discovered it late and also looked up. A black gas emerged from the
gap in the cracked sky. The shell boasted an eerie luster like a black
dragon's scales. The duke saw its appearance and exclaimed with shock.

\[T-This... h-how...\!\]

Shock filled his face.

\[I heard it was incomplete\!\]

It was incomplete at one time. To be exact, it was until I visited the
Underworld.

 The secret weapon of the Underworld King, Giant Soldier Pluto. 

Finally, a huge armoured weapon with a height of 30 meters fell from the sky.


