### Chapter 230: Ep. 43 - Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, IV

The preparations were soon over. I entrusted the Yoo Joonghyuk Industrial
Complex to Aileen and the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex to Mark and some
council members.

...Rather, it felt strange hearing the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex. Was there
really an industrial complex with that name in the Demon Realm? I thought the
people would be unhappy.

"Damn, I'm just a pub owner. Is it possible to leave that to me?"

"It is just like running the pub. It is only until I come back. I have
transferred some of the rights so you should be able to handle security."

Mark had an unconvinced expression despite my words. "Still, wouldn't it be
good for you to show your face? The people of the industrial complex will be
quite confused."

"I don't have time to go there right now."

"If a new revolutionary appears..."

"The whole area has passed onto the next scenario. A revolutionary won't
appear for a while."

Mark seemed convinced by my words. It was slightly uneasy but it would be
enough to leave the industrial complex to Mark for a while. It was Mark who
was the greatest help to the damaged industrial complex in the original novel.
Kim Dokja was already in a panic due to the devastation caused by Yoo
Joonghyuk so people like Mark were needed.

Mark led the council members towards the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex. Han
Myungoh watched their backs and suddenly opened his mouth, "Then we should
depart."

"We?"

I looked back at Han Myungoh with a frown.

...When did this person pack his bags?

"I won't stay here alone."

"..."

"I also have a good eye when it comes to martial arts. I read many martial
arts novels when I was young."

In fact, I knew why Han Myungoh wanted to follow. To be precise, it was Han
Myungoh's boss, not Han Myungoh.

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is looking at you.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at Demon King
Asmodeus.\]

I felt sorry for Uriel but I couldn't help right now. It was best to maintain
a good relationship with Asmodeus for now, as I didn't know about the
development of the third regression in the revised version. There was also
something more worrisome than Uriel and Asmodeus.

"There are too many dregs."

"Do you complain about the world?"

Jang Hayoung and Yoo Joonghyuk were glaring at each other. I sighed. My
purpose was meeting the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint which meant Yoo Joonghyuk
had to come along. Jang Hayoung was also necessary as a liaison. Above all,
this journey would be a great help to Jang Hayoung's growth.

"Then let's depart." I sent a signal and Biyoo opened a portal in the air with
a 'baat' sound. There was a whirling sound and a portal was created. It wasn't
the size of the Great Hole but it was enough for the four of us to go across.

Yoo Joonghyuk hurriedly ended as soon as the portal appeared. Jang Hayoung
watched Yoo Joonghyuk disappearing and spoke in a tense voice, "...I've never
left the Demon Realm before."

After the first dimensional movement, Jang Hayoung always lived in the Demon
Realm. I wanted to give words of encouragement but Han Myungoh unexpectedly
opened his mouth first.

"Believe in me. I've read more than 300 volumes of martial arts novels. You
just have to follow me."

I smiled at Han Myungoh's words.

...Over 300 martial arts novels. I didn't know it if would be similar to the
First Murim.

"Let's go."

The three of us plunged into the portal at the same time. My vision darkened
and the landscape of the universe unfolded before me. I crossed the universe
as a ray of light. It was the Star Stream galaxy where countless stories were
spoken. A few stars stared at me passing by and once I came to my senses, I
was touching the rough ground.

"Wow, I'm dizzy..."

Jang Hayoung was retching to the side while Han Myungoh looked like he had
climbed a mountain.

I didn't see where Yoo Joonghyuk had disappeared to.

...He probably didn't want to meet the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

"Ohh, this place..." The overexcited Han Myungoh urged us forward with a
childlike expression. I probably looked like this at the beginning of Ways of
Survival.

\[You have arrived at the Blue Dragon Castle.\]

The portal in the sky closed with this message and I started examining the
area.

 The Blue Dragon Castle is one of the four great fortresses of the First
Murim. 

According to the description in Ways of Survival, this was one of the largest
castles in the First Murim. Based on the size of the square, the city must be
enormous. It was a sprawling city centered around the big palace.

The markets and lively streets were selling various things. There were Murim
people sitting in front of small and large houses. No one showed apparent
hostility but I could guess how powerful they

were.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is making an interested
expression.\]

\[Some constellations are nostalgic at the sight of the First Murim.\]

The First Murim was a place were countless strong people were born and raised.
Perhaps some of the constellations had passed through this place. Jang Hayoung
glanced around the surroundings like he was overwhelmed by the atmosphere and
opened his mouth. "...It is a Chinese style? Is it originally like this?'

"The 'martial arts' background is originally like this."

Despite saying it was the Chinese style, the red lanterns were Japanese-style
while some Southeast Asian architecture was mixed in. Of course, there were
things unique to China. For example, the Chinese dress...

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at you.\]

I walked while pretending I didn't hear it. The fortress was so wide that I
couldn't get a feel for the size. However, if I read it correctly, the
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint shouldn't be in this area.

First... we should go towards the market. We came all the way here and I wanted
to try the dishes of the First Murim. The best things to eat were dumplings
and chicken broth. These two dishes were the food that Yoo Joonghyuk ate the
most in the First Murim.

He often described the scene of him eating dumplings with hot chicken broth.
At night, I would hold my hungry stomach and go to the convenience store to
buy a 1,000 won steamed bun.

"Hmm, I don't see anyone training in martial arts."

"They won't carelessly show off martial arts. You won't know if you had read
300 volumes of martial arts novels."

"Then are you an expert at the Murim World? Is there some type of
relationship?"

"Yes, of course."

"I'm looking forward to it."

I stared at Han Myungoh with pitying eyes. This man seemed to think that this
'Murim' was the 'Murim' he knew. Not long afterwards, Han Myungoh's
expectations started to slowly crumble.

"...Something is strange."

"What do you mean?"

Han Myungoh looked closely at a passing incarnation like he had seen something
that shouldn't be seen. "Why are the Murim people wearing jeans?"

"Why can't they wear jeans?"

"No, there can't be jeans in China during this time period..."

"They are probably tourists like us."

It wasn't just jeans. Most people wore earphones or large headphones while
there are also incarnations using smartphone-like devices. There were those
who pursued the so-called Murim fashion but approximately half of them didn't
fit the world like us.

Han Myungoh felt despair as his romance was destroyed in front of him and I
briefly sighed. "I know what you were imagining but this is what Murim is like
these days."

"I-Is that so?"

"Of course. The cities are all like this now."

"This wasn't the Murim that I wanted..."

"In fact, everything in the world is disappointing."

Han Myungoh didn't give up despite my words. He learnt an interpretation skill
and talked to a street vendor. His way of speaking matched the Murim World.
"Excuse me, where do I go to find a martial arts hall?"

The merchant who was dozing off against the pile of goods on a shabby stand
stared at Han Myungoh with wide eyes. "Um? I guess you just came here."

"Yes."

"Why do you want a martial arts hall? Do you want to learn martial arts?"

"Since I came to Murim, shouldn't I learn the sword?"

"Ahaha, indeed. That's right. Your words are correct."

Han Myungoh's mouth curved upwards at the reply.

\[The character 'Chu Gukmyung' has triggered 'Bargaining Lv. 4'.\]

It was really bad quality from the start. "However, you seem to be
misunderstanding something. These days, we don't learn martial arts from
martial arts halls."

"Huh? What does that mean?"

"Haha, the sweaty traditional martial arts teaching methods are used only in
the 100th rural Murim World. No one learns martial arts like that these days.
You seem to be from a dark world so I will give you special information.
You're lucky."

Han Myungoh was confused. "Then how do you learn martial arts these days?"

"We use this."

The merchant brushed off the dust accumulated on the goods. The box that the
merchant held contained something that was similar to a small mp3.

\[Heaven and Earth Ice Spirit Sword Unopened Set\]

\[-A recording engraved with information directly from the brain of the
martial artist, the Ice Flower Goddess\!

Repeated learning is the best\! If you keep studying it from childhood, you
will gain enlightenment\!

Six month installments are possible\! At 500 coins per month, anyone can be a
master\!\]

"...What is this?"

"It is a fad among young people these days. It is rumoured that anyone can
become a master if they use this 1,000 times."

"Is that true... really?"

"Of course it is true. I lived in Murim for over 10 years. Would I lie? Do you
see the young people walking around with earphones?"

"Yes, I've seen them. Don't tell me?"

The merchant nodded significantly at Han Myungoh's question. "Everyone is
currently listening to it. The youngsters are busy reading these days."

"Huh... I see. That's what it was. I'm behind the times."

"Huhu, this is a limited edition because it was directly recorded by the Ice
Flower Goddess. Do you know the Ice Flower Goddess? She is the public
girlfriend of Murim. Here, I'll let you have a listen. It is very effective
even when you aren't sleeping."

Han Myungoh stuck the earphones in his ears while Jang Hayoung rummaged
through the merchant's goods.

\[Phantom Flyer Home Training 6 Months Set\]

\[-You can be a master if you follow it 10,000 times\!\]

\[Follow the South Palace Sword King's study\!\]

\[-Use the safest and fastest way to reach the peak by listening to the online
lectures of the top teacher of the South Palace\!\]

The 24 hours question and answer board is in operation. There is no need to
worry about coins. Feel free to contact us anytime\!

Come to think of it, these recordings were at the peak popularity during this
time. They were known to stimulate the unconscious learning of martial arts so
they sat at home, listened to lectures and practiced it comfortably...

The merchant stared at Jang Hayoung who was recklessly rummaging through the
goods. "Hey there, young miss or mister... in any case. Don't mess it up if you
aren't buying. They are expensive."

"Can we really become a master with something like this?"

"Don't you see the reviews here? They are all products certified by
professional agencies."

I remembered the first time I read about the listening devices in Ways of
Survival. The views of the Murim people were also shown.

Baek Youngshin \(12 years old, male\): I listened to it because of a friend.
It was very good. I have been first in my private academy since the third
month.

Tanlangmiyo \(32 years old, female\): Honestly, I listened for three weeks
and thought it took too long... From the sixth week, I started to hear the
martial arts that I didn't know\!\!\!

Hwa Wang Bangun \(24 years old, male\): After hearing this, my performance in
the scenarios became better. What about the scenario difficulty?? I'm not
afraid of the dokkaebis anymore\!\!\!

They were clearly false advertisements but it was a temptation for any
incarnation who actually visited the First Murim for the first time. They were
incarnations who had come through tough scenarios.

However, it wasn't easy to learn martial arts techniques profound enough to
reduce the difficulty level of the scenario with a few coins.

Han Myungoh complained that he didn't like this Murim, changed his mind.
"Would you like to listen to it once? It feels like the martial arts enters
really easily"

"Huhu Mister, you are in good shape. It is known as the lightheaded phenomenon
and usually occurs after three weeks."

"Ah, is that so? Then how much in a lump sum "

I was about to stop him when a terrible voice was heard from behind me.

"If people can become experts using such a thing, the First Murim would've
never been destroyed."


