### Chapter 544: Epilogue 4 - The Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, IX

"...I just wrote something, hoping to leave it as records of our past. Kim Dokja
might wake up someday, you know. When that happens, he'd most likely have
forgotten everything about us, anyway."

The companions read Han Sooyoung's novel.

Shin Yoosung, her eyes reddened from tears, angrily rebuked Lee Gilyoung,
telling him to slow down with the scrolling, while the boy sniffling away
continued to click on the mouse. Yoo Sangah, Jung Heewon, and Jang Hayoung
copied the file and read the novel on their own phones.

Yoo Sangah read the scene where she was making an appearance and smiled
faintly. "...I did say something like that, didn't I?"

Perhaps she was missing those days, because she stroked the sentences on the
phone's display. As if doing that might let her really touch Kim Dokja.

Lee Jihye sucking out the last drops from the booze bottle unsteadily got up
from her seat. "What the hell. Is it really that fun?"

"Ah?\! Noona\!"

Lee Jihye going on a drunken rant shoved Lee Gilyoung off the chair and took
over the notebook PC. She then slapped her cheeks and tried to focus her
blurry, half-closed eyes on the screen.

How long went by like that?

"Sob, sooob, waaah\! This novel is too sad, you know?\!"

"...You've only read the first chapter, so what the..."

Lee Jihye blew her nose noisily and chucked the soiled tissue in Lee
Gilyoung's direction. She remained utterly unperturbed regardless of whether
the angry boy was yelling at her or not. Even more so when she scrolled down
and read the scene where she made her appearance in Chungmuro  her excitement
seemed to reach its peak.

"A girl wielding a lengthy sword stood in the exit as the faint rays of light
shone through. While looking at Lee Jihye's hair dancing in the winds
intermittently blowing in... Keuh-euuh, I'm sooo uber-cool, aren't I??"

"Argh, seriously now?\! Go back up already\!"

Despite Lee Gilyoung scolding her, Lee Jihye continued on yap on.

"Like, what happens afterwards? What happens to Kim Dokja..."

In the end, she couldn't win against the booze in her system and before long,
her nose kissed the tabletop. Shin Yoosung snatched the notebook PC away, and
asked a question while taking over the scrolling duty. "...Do I make an entrance
later on, too?"

"Everyone makes their appearance. Although, each person's specific importance
will be a bit different," said Han Sooyoung.

"B-but, I really did my best, you know."

"Yes, I know. Don't worry, your story will show up lots of time later on."

They already knew the ending to this story. What would happen to Kim Dokja,
and what experiences the companions would go through as the result. How the
dream they dreamed crumbled away. They all knew too well.

Despite knowing, however, Shin Yoosung continued to read the story.

They strode forward one sentence at a time towards the predetermined end. The
story they couldn't change was right here. Shin Yoosung used every ounce of
her energy to read it as if each and every sentence disappearing behind was
too lamentable, too sad, to her.

"...How wonderful would it have been if Dokja ahjussi was able to read this."

"Should we go to hyung and read it for him?"

Han Sooyoung thought about the slumbering Kim Dokja inside Lee Seolhwa's
hospital. This novel was written for that guy, yet she didn't think he'd be
reading it anytime soon.

Could it be that, just maybe, this was this story's completion?

The completed ending of those who had lost something  could that be this
novel's true purpose? Could these people be the true readers of this story?

"Do you think that ahjussi in the other world-line will like reading, too?"

The companions wouldn't be saved with just this measly little story. But at
the very least, they should be able to endure their lives while reading and
thinking about it. Just like how Kim Dokja reading the 'Ways of Survival' did.

"I wonder. Maybe."

"Ahjussi is probably ahjussi in that place, too. Definitely."

"Who knows, he might have ended up as a bug."

"Keep talking like that if you want to die, Lee Gilyoung."

"I'd have raised him up if he was reborn as an insect, you know? And read
books to him every day, too."

A couple of adults heard the boy's mindless babble and broke out into
chuckles.

Yoo Sangah spoke up next. "Regardless of where he's born and what's he born
as, Dokja-ssi will always be Dokja-ssi."

Han Sooyoung nodded her head. Kim Dokja should be living a new life in a world
out there somewhere. Kim Dokja living his life while reading a story written
by someone else and feeling happy or sad, or even moved.

The people of this world would reminisce about such Kim Dokja's tale and live
their lives.

Praying that Kim Dokja of that world would not be miserable.

Praying that he'd get to live in as much happiness as his companions were
remembering him in this world.

Shin Yoosung repeatedly reading the early parts spoke up, her voice sounding
like a soft sigh. "I can't read it anymore, because I'm scared it'll end too
soon."

"It won't end that soon," replied Han Sooyoung.

"Are you going to write the next chapter, too?"

"Yeah."

"It would've been so wonderful if we could send this novel to the other world,
too. It's a shame that only we get to read it."

...The other world?

Han Sooyoung became momentarily dazed at that unexpected idea.

She had never even thought about it. It wasn't a possibility to start with,
too. She pondered this for a bit longer, but before she could say something, a
piece of breaking news came out of the TV screen.

 Breaking news just in. A terrorist has attacked the 'Scenario Museum'
located in Gwanghwanmun...

"Terrorists? In this day and age?"

Jang Hayoung shook her head. Most of the system's influence had already
disappeared from this world, so possessing Star Relics didn't automatically
mean you'd be able to do something with them. It was right then that Jung
Heewon's phone started ringing.

"Hello, this is Jung Heewon, the representative of Iron Caps, the trusted
security organisation protecting your... Excuse me? Where? Who showed up??"

The clearly-flustered Jung Heewon raised her head and looked at the TV panel.
The news broadcast's ticker-tape continued to move along.

 Identity of the terrorist is now known to be a Transcendent formerly known
as the 'Supreme King'...

...The 'Supreme King'?

A short while later, the terrorist's face showed up on the screen.

 The terrorist, Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk. \(33, unemployed\)

  

* * *

  

"Stop him\!"

The riot police arriving on the scene blocked off the museum's access and
stood before the approaching man. However, he used fleet-footed movements to
evade their truncheons. The jet-black coat danced in the air as the man's
hands went to work, and the riot police rushing in were scattered away like
the breaking waves.

"Uwaaahk\!"

"He's using the system's powers\! Hurry up and call the security company\! And
get the government-affiliated Constellations, too-\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Red Phoenix Shunpo\] spat out reddish-yellow licks of flames
as he dashed forward. Each step taken emitted truly stupendous heatwave and
the members of riot police had to back away in fear. Before long, he had
reached the front of the \[Scenario Museum\]'s doorstep.

The place where Star Relics from the age of apocalypse were stored. This was
where the important artefacts not open to public had been gathered. The riot
police chasing after Yoo Joonghyuk shouted out.

"He's just a Transcendent from the old generation\! The battle array formation
the Constellation-nims of the North Stars worked together to create near the
museum will..."

\['North Star Five March Formation' has been triggered\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk analysed the inner workings of the array formation blocking him.
It was a Murim-style battle array formation that followed the laws of the
North Star and five elements of the universe to create a remarkable unison of
the 'life gate' and 'death gate'. His eyes emitted golden rays of light as his
\[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] accurately stabbed into seven separate points.

Kuu-rurururung\!

"Crazy son of a... How could he...?\!"

These young riot police members who didn't know much about the age of
apocalypse could only look on with their jaws hitting the floor. Even they had
heard of the stories, of course.

 Twenty years ago, a man who dared to stare arrogantly at the stars of the
heavens existed.

It was only a story to them, however. A man who could evenly match up to the
Constellations? They believed that no such man could have ever existed. Too
bad for them, the living proof was now standing before their eyes.

Yoo Joonghyuk stepped within the crumbling array formation. No one could stop
him now.

It was also then someone appeared among the rising dust clouds.

 Supreme King, what do you think you're doing? Surely, someone like you don't
have a reason to steal items such as the Star Relics?

It was Han Donghoon, an Incarnation affiliated with the government. He was
famed for sending messages to the opposition's eyes rather than addressing
them directly.

Yoo Joonghyuk quietly stared at the message, before pointing at the steeple of
the museum. A small ship hung up there like some kind of a symbol. "I need
that ship."

 That's just a replica. It can't even fly.

"We'll see once I activate it."

 I know that you've been roaming the world without reporting periodically to
the world government. Despite knowing that, the world government decided to
turn a blind eye. Because they respect your achievements from the age of
apocalypse.

"..."

 However, that ends today. If you insist on behaving like this, then we won't
have any choice but to use force.

Almost at the same time as those words arrived, powerful fighting spirit
exploded out from Han Donghoon's entire body.

He, too, was a survivor from the era of scenarios, a powerful figure who came
to be known as the 'King of Shadows' by the time scenarios were drawing to a
close.

"You wish to stop me?"

Yoo Joonghyuk took a single step forward. At the same time, humans of the
surroundings knelt down simultaneously. Han Donghoon's expression stiffened,
and he quickly performed hand signs.

 All personnel, get ready to...\!

Even before the message could be finished, shadows hiding on the museum's
rooftop began falling like dead cicadas.

Tumble, drop...

The fallen agents writhed around like worms. Traces of their pressure-points
being depressed could be seen throughout their bodies. Surprisingly, over
thirty Incarnations were dispatched to this place together with Han Donghoon,
yet all these elite warriors were taken care of even before anyone had noticed
it.

"Get out of my way."

Han Donghoon's shoulders trembled imperceptibly. For the past 20 years after
the scenarios ended, the strongest Incarnation he knew of was the prophet Anna
Croft, the only surviving Incarnation that could compare to the
Constellations. However, even if she came, could she stop this monster?

 Han Donghoon, respond... Han Donghoon?

If he didn't escape from here, he'd get killed. Han Donghoon knew this, yet he
couldn't even lift his feet. An incredible amount of killing intent had
tightened around him like a noose. Just who would be able to stop this
Transcendent? The Murim world's Transcendents residing on another planet? Or,
Constellations currently on a world tour? No, even they might find it too
much.

The monster before his eyes was an existence that had reached the highest
realm even among the Transcendents. Post-destruction of <Star Stream>,
Constellations could no longer exercise the power levels of their past selves.
That's why...

"Captain Han Donghoon\! Evade it\!\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's sword moving, and Han Donghoon squeezing his eyes shut, as
well as an ear-splitting noise exploding, all happened at the same time. Scary
waves of magical force shoved Han Donghoon's body away. It had been really
long time since he last saw a clash heavy enough to cause the storm of
Probability's aftermath.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...

He held onto the crack on the ground and endured the storm of aftermath, only
to be greeted by an unbelievable spectacle.

"F\*ck, man. Trying to use my powers in such a long time is killing me."

Someone was blocking the Supreme King's sword.

\[Constellation, 'Architect of the False Last Act', is unleashing her
power\!\]

\[Story fragments of the 'Bureau' is supporting the 'Architect of the False
Last Act'\!\]

She was one of only a handful of the truly strong who could stop that monster,
Yoo Joonghyuk.

The purple-hued magical energy oozing out from her entire figure was dyeing
the surroundings in a foreboding manner.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, what kinda stupidity is this?" said the Empress of Black
Flames, Han Sooyoung.

"This isn't a matter you should concern yourself with."

"Why shouldn't I?? Our former Regressor friend suddenly decided to become a
terrorist for free, so how can I not?"

"..."

"The companion of the past has lost his way and became corrupted, so it's the
duty of the superhero to take up on the responsibility of rehabi..."

Kwaaa-boooom\!

"Goddammit, what gives?? Why are you going mental here, man??"

"Get out of the way. I don't plan to exchange sophistries with you."

"No, you better start talking. That's always been your damn problem. You've
been behaving nicely for the past two years, so why the hell..."

Swiiiiiish-\!

She pulled out a dagger from her inner pocket, gritted her teeth, and defended
against Yoo Joonghyuk's attack. The overabundant bombardment of the sword
energy began forcing her body back bit by bit. Han Sooyoung glanced in the
direction she was being pushed back.

...The Scenario Museum.

No matter how hard she thought about it, it made no sense. Yoo Joonghyuk had
no reason to target that place. He wouldn't get any stronger than he already
was by possessing a couple more Star Relics at this point. Besides, a Star
Relic someone like him might find desirable wouldn't even be in this pla...

It was then, her eyes caught the sight of a certain something.

"Hey, you. It can't be..."

Her hair strands slowly began floating up. Creeping, ominous waves of energy
spread out everywhere. Cold rage was filling up Han Sooyoung's voice.

"...Is it because of that?"

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were seething, and his irises were reflecting the hull of
the replica \[Final Ark\] located on top of the steeple.


