### Chapter 132: Ep. 26 - Scenario Destroyer, II

tls123. This was the ID for the author of Ways of Survival.

Asuka Ren's eyes widened. "Eh? tls123...?"

I urged her, "Do you remember?"

"Remember... eh?"

"What is it?"

Asuka Ren blinked and her eyes became dazed for a moment. Faint sparks
appeared around her body.

"..."

Huh? I was shocked and asked, "What did you just say?"

"...Huh?"

"The words you just said..."

"What do you mean? What did I..."

Asuka Ren's face showed that she didn't know anything. I felt a terrible sense
of foreboding. I quietly activated Character List.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Asuka Ren

Age: 31 years old

Sponsor: Master of the Niten Ichu-ryu.

Exclusive Attributes: Peace Land's Creator \(Legend\), Mangaka \(Rare\)

Exclusive Skills: Kendo Lv. 7, Black Pen Tip Lv. 4, Plausible Dignity and Laws
Lv. 5, Imagination Stimulation Lv. 4...

Stima: Niten Ichu-ryu Lv. 3.

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 55 \(Currently Lv. 17\), Strength Lv. 55
\(Currently Lv. 17\), Agility Lv. 49 \(Currently Lv. 11\), Magic Power Lv. 54
\(Currently Lv. 16\)

Overall Evaluation: The current comprehensive evaluation is currently in
progress.

As I saw in Ways of Survival, this woman must be the creator of Peace Land.

Then...

...Was it 'editing?' The next moment, I saw the disappearance of an entire
feature window in front of my eyes. Like sand, the letters scattered one by
one in front of me.

Exclusive Attributes: Mangaka \(Rare\)

Very slowly, goosebumps crept up my spine. Why was 'Creatore of Peace Land'
missing all of a sudden? It was impossible for any constellation to do this.

Asuka Ren looked at me and asked, "Sorry, what were we talking about?"

"We were talking about Ren-ssi's work."

"My work?" Asuka Ren made a face like she couldn't remember anything. She
couldn't remember any of the settings of Peace Land that she created.

 At this moment, she knew that the world had completely left her hands. 

I had a throbbing headache. Was there such a sentence in Ways of Survival? I
didn't know.

However, one thing was for certain.

The melody of the viola playing in the lonely night. The cries of the small
people. The sad and rich atmosphere elevated by the emotions. This was the
moment the world called Peace Land was completed.

Now there was nothing to add to this story. Finally, one story had become
completely independent from its author.

I suddenly thought I understood why an attribute disappeared from Asuka Ren.
The moment the world was finished, the author had to descend from the position
of creator.

I suddenly wondered. Where did the finished story go?

\[You have come to know the planet Peace Land.\]

\[All beings belonging to Peace Land are faintly aware of your gaze.\]

\[The small planet's constellation rejoices in your presence.\]

\[The beings of Peace Land have started to write legends about you.\]

The funny thing was that I hadn't asked for it.

...I see. The destination of the story that left its creator was decided from
the beginning.

After that, I asked Asuka Ren a few more things while using Lie Detection.
However, she really didn't remember anything.

"I'm sorry, I really don't know. It is like a manga I have read..."

It was like she read her own story. Somehow, I felt depressed. Asuka Ren
closed her eyes for a moment before saying, "However, I think I enjoyed
reading it. Definitely..."

Sadly, the information about the author of Ways of Survival that I barely
managed to touch stopped here. It was still unclear what type of person the
author of Ways of Survival was and what they wanted.

Still, at least one thing seemed vaguely clear. Perhaps like me, the author of
Ways of Survival wasn't satisfied with the existing ending. That's why they
gave me the book before the end of the world. If so, I would meet those
expectations.

I stepped away from Asuka Ren who was enjoying the scenery and pulled out a
small ampoule.

\[Ancient Serpent's Sacred Blood\]

It was an item obtained with the constellation parts. I sent a signal and the
distant Lee Hyunsung nodded and approached. Lee Hyunsung wasn't drinking. I
was sorry but I had some work for him to do today.

"I need your help now."

"Leave it to me."

Lee Hyunsung was entrusted to be my guard. It was because I was going to
collapse for a bit. I sprinkled the Ancient Serpent's Sacred Blood into the
cup and the golden alcohol turned into a dark red.

\[You have drank alcohol made from the Ancient Serpent's Sacred Blood.\]

\[The greedy snake will test your mental power.\]

This was a hidden piece that Yoo Joonghyuk didn't know about in the third
regression. It was a ceremony that could only be done when the alcohol made
from Orochi's parts was mixed with the sacred blood. I wouldn't have given up
an excellent trait like King of No Killing if it hadn't been for this.

\[The snake has confirmed your eligibility for Dragon Slayer.\]

\[The new attribute 'Eight Lives' is being prepared.\]

...Good. Now that it was being prepared, I would have a new attribute when I
woke up.

One thing was finished and the other...

I poured the remaining alcohol into my mouth. I became dizzy and felt drunk.
However, I couldn't fall asleep right away. I sat on the ground and wrote a
message.

'God of Wine and Ecstasy'.

Why? Dionysus was unresponsive despite the joyful atmosphere. The same was
true for Persephone.

It was a difficult situation. I accomplished my task but there was no one to
take me to the Underworld.

Should I bring Yoo Sangah over? If there was a direct terminus with Olympus
then I could send the signal right away.

'Father of the Rich Night'.

It happened when I wrote Hades' modifier. An eerie aura swept over my body.

I was filled with the urge to vomit and when I opened my eyes again, I
realized that I had already come to the Underworld. This disturbing and
unpleasant air could only be felt in the Underworld.

Looking around, it was fortunate that I hadn't fallen into Tartarus. Someone
was standing in front of me.

\[You shouldn't enter the Underworld right now.\]

It wasn't Hades or Persephone. I could tell the moment I saw the outfit
resembling the envoy.

"Judge-nim."

It wasn't the judge who guided me last time. I replied to him, "I came to
report that I've completed the queen's task."

\[I know. Once again, you can't enter the palace.\]

"...Why?"

\[I can't tell you that.\]

The judge waved his hand like it was troublesome.

\[Go back. I summoned you using the power of the father but it is impossible
for you to enter.\]

"I have an appointment with the queen. I must enter."

\[You can't right now. Go back.\]

What type of crap was this? Despite his strength, the judge was miniscule
compared to Persephone. Still, looking at this stubbornness...

"...Perhaps they are both away?"

The judge hesitated before nodding.

\[That's right.\]

"What's going on..."

Hades and Persephone were absent at the same time. I didn't know what it was
but there was a high probability that something big had happened. If it was an
emergency meeting for the 12 gods of Olympus... but was there anything worth
making that summons at this point?

"Did they leave something for me? Something I can pick up if I arrive..."

\[Why should I tell you if there was such a thing?\]

I knew that the judges had different personalities but I didn't expect to be
caught by such a tough one. Based on the way he talked, there must be
something. There was no way that the meticulous Persephone would've just left...

It couldn't be helped.

"I'll let you take a sip of this if you help me."

I took out the Yamata no Orochi alcohol that I had placed into a bottle in my
coat. I opened the lid and the smell of sweet fermented liquor spread.

\[T-That is...?\]

The judge was shocked. For a person who had lived a long time, alcohol was
like drugs. It was the only means to forget the tragedy of the long years.
This wasn't alcohol but alcohol made from the parts of a constellation.

\[H-Hrmm. Hrmm...\]

"If you don't like it then I can go."

\[W-Wait a minute\! I understand. I'll give you the thing that the queen
left.\]

He ate the bait. This was completely different from the harsh judge I saw last
time.

\[Hah... good...\]

The judge grinned with satisfaction after taking a sip and pulled out a yellow
bead.

\[Here, take it and go.\]

It was a bright yellow bead. I realized it was the soul of Shin Yoosung that I
had been eagerly looking for. I rubbed the bead several times and it shone
with a faint light as it floated in the air. I placed my hand on the bead and
thought, 'I'm sorry, am I late?'

The bead only screamed, like she had lost most of her language.

\[Ah...ah.\]

A woman who lost her words and her memories. Despite dedicating her life to
the scenario, the only story left to her was a horrible history of pain. This
was what a normal person would say.

'You've gone through enough so rest and take it easy'.

However, Shin Yoosung couldn't rest. She still had work to do in this world.

\[Ah...jussi...?\]

The soul trembled after a long time.

\[Really, really...\]

'Yes'.

\[Why...?\]

'You still have work left to do in this world'.

I didn't come here because I sympathized with her. I did it because I needed
Shin Yoosung's help. There was something that only she could do with the story
she built up for a long time. Shin Yoosung responded with slight fear.

\[I... what should I do?\]

I touched her soul and showed her some of my thoughts. Shin Yoosung was silent
for a while before she burst out laughing.

\[Haha, ha... a cruel person, ahjussi... in a way, you are more cruel that the
captain...\]

'I'm sorry'.

\[But... okay. I accept. No... I want to do it. This is what I want. This time, I
want to see the 'ending' of this world.\]

'Your memories might disappear. Can you endure it?'

Shin Yoosung nodded.

\[I'm not afraid. Ahjussi... I'll believe in what you told me.\]

Finally, Shin Yoosung's soul disappeared back into the bead. She probably
wouldn't come out for a while. The moment we would meet again was after she
gained a physical body.

The judge watched us and opened his mouth.

\[As you might know, the body isn't resurrected just by taking the soul out of
the world. Moreover, it is impossible for the soul to settle into a new body
after a long time.\]

The judge chuckled.

\[There might be a way with reincarnation but this soul has committed so many
sins that it won't be born again as a human. If you want her to be born again
as a human then you have to throw away all the stories of the soul. In that
case, she won't be the person you knew.\]

"I know."

As Persephone said, the soul was a story. Even now, Shin Yoosung's soul was
becoming 'not Shin Yoosung'. However, that wasn't the only path for Shin
Yoosung.

I immediately called to someone. 'Bihyung'.

He was silent. I waited, looking down at the bead until Bihyung responded.
Only high value beings could choose the body a soul was reincarnated in...

She had been dominated by the story so far and now she would be reborn as the
ruler of the story. I finally felt Bihyung through the channel. I opened my
mouth. 'I need your help'.

What help?

I didn't answer. Bihyung was silent as he glanced between me and Shin
Yoosung's soul. He soon noticed the meaning of my words.

Surely, you... you want me to do 'that?'

I nodded.

Hey, think about it. It isn't as easy as you think. It might be better off if
she disappears here...

'Do you want to ruin your channel?'

Shit. Hey, this is really... I've never done this before\!

'First time for everything'.

Fuck.

Bihyung hesitated for a long time before finally giving me a golden egg. The
egg from the greatest 'Star Story' came down.

I put Shin Yoosung's soul into this egg. The egg trembled and gave off a
brilliant light before it flew up into the sky again.

Bihyung couldn't say anything for a long time before muttering in an absurd
way.

I never thought I would receive a 'child' this way...

My enemies weren't just inside the scenarios. The Shin Yoosung of the 41st
regression, she would be the only 'streamer' for me in this round.


