### Chapter 319: Ep. 60 -Taste of Ruin, IV

I was able to come here thanks to the message sent by Han Sooyoung. I already
knew that Han Sooyoung took the Old to New Toad. It would be odd if I was
ignorant of her stealing an item.

I want to screw with the prophet. Will you come?

I was just going to check the auction house so it didn't take long. Anna Croft
had moved as I expected.

You came.

You came at the right timing?

Messages came from the Midday Tryst at the same time. There was temporary
confusion and Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung glanced at each other.

"...What?"

"I should say that. You have Midday Tryst as well?"

I couldn't help smiling at the two snarling people. I looked ahead and saw
Anna Croft's completely lose expression. I formed a fist and provoked her.
"What are you doing? 3 million coins please."

It was our first meeting after the Gourmet Association. Selena Kim stood next
to Anna Croft and nodded lightly to me. Anna Croft furrowed her brow and
asked, "Demon King of Salvation, you are the contributor of this product?"

"That's right."

"No... you shouldn't be able to acquire this level of item. It is an item that
can only be obtained in the

late scenarios."

She was still denying reality. I glanced at the dokkaebi instead of answering.
The dokkaebi spoke,

\[The contributor is Constellation Demon King of Salvation, who belongs to Kim
Dokja's Company. The confirmation result is correct.\]

Anna Croft became paler once the dokkaebi testified to the fact. 3 million
coins. At the present time, there wasn't a single incarnation with such a
large number of coins in the Star Stream. It was a lot of money and was also a
burden for some narrative-grade constellations.

In the distance, Han Sooyoung twitched.

Hey, you will give me a share of the 3 million coins, right? You wouldn't
have received this money if it wasn't for me.

Anna Croft's fist trembled. She glanced at Selena Kim before turning back to
me. "I'm sorry but I can't give you the winning bid."

Anna Croft's expression gradually returned to normal. "Rather than receiving
the item, I will pay the penalty."

The prophet made a choice. It was currently difficult for her to obtain three
million coins. Moreover, her desire to buy the item disappeared after knowing
the 3 million coins would enter my hands.

\[Your understanding of the character 'Anna Croft' has increased\!\]

I nodded and said, "Well, do as you please."

Han Sooyoung glared at me.

Hey, are you crazy? It is 3 million coins\!

This is good for us.

As Anna Croft mentioned, the Old to New Toad was a very useful item,
especially when I thought about the upcoming Gigantomachia. It was better to
have an item than three million coins.

The senior dokkaebi spoke, \[The penalty is 500,000 coins, which is the
initial bid.\]

Besides, I received 500,000 coins without giving anything. I was grateful.
Anna Croft thought of something for a moment before slowly pulling out the
coins. However, she took out one million coins, not 500,000 coins. "Demon King
of Salvation, do you want to make a bet with me?"

"A bet? I don't want to."

"...I heard that you like to bet. It is disappointing to hear you refuse so
easily."

I laughed at the childish provocation. This was suddenly funny. Anna Croft
continued speaking, "If you win the bet, I'll give you one million coins,
which is double the amount."

"One million... then if you win?"

"This story never happened and we will each go our own way. You won't lose any
money."

I saw Anna Croft's red eyes and recalled a sentence from Ways of Survival.
Anna Croft was a gifted gambler. Long before the scenario began, she was
called the 'Prophet of Las Vegas'.

I opened my mouth. "Why should I if I don't lose anything? I will get 500,000
coins even if I do nothing. Why should I agree to a strange gamble?"

"You must be afraid to lose. Well, you will get a 'Losing Story' if you lose
to me."

...Look at this.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is paying attention to
your choice.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is focused on your choice.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' wants you to refuse the bet.\]

Anna Croft's smile widened like she heard the indirect messages in the
channel. "Demon King of Salvation. Your constellations are watching."

\[Many constellations are curious about your choice.\]

\[Some constellations are condemning your cowardice.\]

She was a clever woman. In the period before Gigantomachia, the opinion of the
constellations was important. I could make allies, reinforcements or enemies
depending on my actions. By the way, this provocation...

I grinned and opened my mouth. "I'm not afraid. I just don't like the betting
conditions."

Anna Croft's eyes widened.

\[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' is interested in your words.\]

"Conditions. Do you want to add more to the bet?"

"The coins are only that much. I would like to add one more condition."

"One more condition...?"

"If I win, release the Lord and Vassal Pledge hanging on Selena King."

\[The constellation 'Friend of Justice and Harmony' is shocked by your
words.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is nodding at your words.\]

Selena Kim's eyes shook. Perhaps Selena Kim had been bound during the Proof of
the Stars before coming to the Context of the Constellations. There was no way
Anna Croft would have someone beside her that she couldn't control.

Anna Croft looked confused. "Demon King of Salvation\! That..."

"Can't you free Selena Kim if you borrow the probability of Asgard?"

It would be a significant burden on Anna Croft to liberate the lord and vassal
relationship formed during Proof of the Stars. The fact that she made the lord
and vassal relationship in the first place was evidence that she didn't fully
trust Selena Kim. Anna Croft struggled for a while before replying, "...Okay."

Selena Kim stared at me with surprised eyes. Then Biyoo's voice was heard from
the air.

\[Baaat\!\]

\[A number of constellations are requesting the 'bet' scenario.\]

\[The request of the constellations has been accepted.\]

\[A new sub scenario has arrived\!\]

\[Sub Scenario  Entertainment of Ruin\]

Category: Sub

Difficulty: ???

Clear Conditions: Anna Croft and the Demon King of Salvation have made a bet.
The subscribers and incarnations can make a bet on who will win.

Time Limit: 

Compensation: Dividends will be distributed based on your percentage of the
winning bet.

Failure: 

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has bet 50,000 coins\!\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' has bet 50,000 coins\!\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' has bet 1,000 coins\!\]

Interestingly, this scenario was a scenario where beings other than Anna Croft
and myself could participate. The startled Han Sooyoung spoke through Midday
Tryst.

Hey\! What are you thinking?

Just bet some coins.

To who? You?

I spoke towards Anna Croft. "Tell me about the bet."

"It's simple."

Anna Croft threw the coin that read 'one million' into the air. The coin rose
to over 30 meters in the sky and stayed there. "You just need to grab the coin
with your hand."

The constellations were shocked when they heard the contents of the bet.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is surprised.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is asking for his coins to be
returned\!\]

Han Sooyoung frowned.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is avoiding the gaze of
Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung'.\]

The coin had a floating skill and hovered in place. At first glance, it was a
simple and easy bet. I just had to jump using my skills and grab the coin.
However, the simplicity of the bet meant there was a pitfall.

Han Sooyoung told me,

Hey, Kim Dokja. It is a trap\! Don't make the bet\!

I knew it already. This Anna Croft would never make a losing bet.

"Do you agree with the bet contents?"

"Okay."

\[The formation of the bet has been completed\!\]

I looked at the coin spinning in the air. In a situation where many
constellations were watching, she couldn't have done anything strange to that
coin. This meant the coin itself wasn't the trap and the trap was elsewhere.

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' is activated\!\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Way of the Wind Lv. 11 \(+1\) is activated\!\]

30 meters was quite high and it was almost impossible to grab that coin with
my bare hands if I was an ordinary constellation. However, since the scenario
started, I wasn't an ordinary person.

I used Way of the Wind and jumped lightly, my body springing towards the sky.
The remaining distance to the coin was 10 meters.

At this moment, someone interrupted me.

\[The probability of the nebula 'Olympus' is responding to you\!\]

It wasn't one person. A powerful status came from all over the audience. The
incarnation bodies of some constellations stood before me.

\[Demon King of Salvation\! Cancel your skill right away.\]

I felt their status from the true voice. The ones standing in my way were from
Olympus. There were three historical-grade constellations and one narrative-
grade constellation.

I spoke in a cold voice, "What are you doing?"

\[It is forbidden to use combat skills here. Don't you know?\]

A familiar doll popped out from among the constellations. It was a
constellation with meteorites swirling overhead. I knew this person's
modifier. It was because this boy was obviously a constellation of Olympus.

'Wandering Terror'.

Someone in the audience shouted, \[Wandering Terror, Phobos\! It is Ares'
son\!\]

The son of one of the 12 main gods of Olympus, Atrocious War God. The god of
terror created by war. This was Phobos who was called Wandering Terror.

I looked down at Anna Croft. It seemed this guy was the backer that Anna Croft
believed in.


