### Chapter 258: Ep. 45 - Entrance as a Character, IV

One day, there was a constellation who left such a remark.

 "Every story has a flaw. This means that all stories can be completed." 

The legendary story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases'. This story was made by
the narrative-grade constellation who left behind that remark.

\[The story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' is searching for the target of
the distortion.\]

I got up and moved away from the ruined building. I could see three
constellations chasing me through the dust clouds. It was originally four but
I didn't know where the last one went.

\[Kuaaaah...\]

\[Gi ve me the sto ry co re.\]

I was surrounded by the incarnation bodies. There was one giant snake that
reminded me of Orochi and one giant field mouse. The last one was a fiery dog
resembling a Cerberus. The Mass Production Maker had told me something during
my visit to the Gourmet Association.

Not all constellations have a noble character.

Some of the constellations would build up stories like me to become
constellations while others would lend themselves to the 'authority' of other
constellations. In some cases, they might not have accumulated excellent
stories but they were lucky enough to fall into an advantageous area and
become a constellation.

"What if I don't want to give it to you?"

It was the case with the guys in front of me.

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Riche Snake Boss' is staring at you.\]

They were those who received the patronage of constellations or 'fortunately'
became constellations by eating other beginner constellations or incarnations.

\[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is coveting your nails.\]

\[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames' is looking at the
surrounding constellations.\]

I knew I would eventually bump into them from the moment they appeared in
front of me.

\[Many constellations are looking forward to your battle\!\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking forward to
your performance\!\]

I could feel the hot gaze of the stars. They would be curious. I hadn't fought
properly since becoming a narrative-grade constellation. Dokgak spoke from the
air.

\[Haha, you are still stupid... are you really going to fight?\]

I listened to Dokgak's words and gritted my teeth. The three constellations in
front of me had exactly the same level of combat power as me. It was due to
Dokgak's penalty. A penalty where everyone in the scenario had the same combat
power.

I used Way of the Wind to avoid the poisonous liquid that poured out of the
Nouveau Riche Snake Boss' mouth. At almost the same time, the Nail-Eating Rat
swiped his nails towards me. The moment I rolled around on the ground, the
surroundings were filled with the flames of the Dog Who Threw Himself into the
Flames.

I moved around the flames and pulled out my newest thing. This was a fight
that couldn't be won if we faced each other with our incarnation bodies. This
was if it was only the force of the incarnation body.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

They might be animals but they were still historical-grade constellations.
Originally, I couldn't look at them with this skill.

\[The effect of 'Looked into the Abyss' has increased the effect of all your
skills.\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is amplified\!\]

This time was different.

\[You will be able to view constellations who are lower rated than you.\]

.

.

\[You can now read the constellation information of 'Nouveau Riche Snake
Boss'.\]

\[You can now read the constellation information of 'Nail-Eating Rat'.\]

\[You can now read the constellation information of 'Dog Who Threw Himself
into the Flames'.\]

I looked at the characteristics of these guys. Of course, it didn't make sense
to simply identify the stats or attributes information when combat power was
set at a certain point.

\[The effect of Character List will randomly output a list of the
constellation's stories.\]

A list of their stories quickly crossed my eyes.

\[Snake Eating Other Snakes.\]

\[Rat Turning Into a Person.\]

\[Loyalty Towards the Master.\]

\[Predator of the Weak.\]

...

In the meantime, countless attacks were focused on me. The fist of the Nouveau
Riche Snake Boss grazed past my shoulders, my body flew through the air from
an attack by the Nail-Eating Rat and my skin was burnt by the flames of the
Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames.

\[Your reading speed has increased due to the attribute effect.\]

I didn't back down and kept reading their list of stories. They were
constellations and had an excellent number of stories. Some were legendary
while most were historical-grade.

\[Rat Who Stole the Words of the Night.\]

\[Fear of Rodents\]

\[Mine is Mine, Yours is Mine Too.\]

\[Towards Plandas.\]

...

How long had it been? My legs were paralyzed and the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss
wound around my body. My vision was literally reversed as my body was captured
by him.

Gi ve me the Sto ry Co re.\]

The strong grip on my body made by bones feel twisted. It was a mighty power
that the Infinite Dimension Space Coat couldn't bear. Story fragments fell
down from my body like crumbs.

\[Constellations who love cruel stories are excited.\]

\[Some of the constellations want to see your body torn apart.\]

The eyes of the snake changed at the indirect messages of the constellations.
Having the name of 'constellation' didn't mean all of them were on the same
level.

They were more like incarnations. They were watched by other constellations
and received coins from them.

"I have one question... Why do you want to live like this?"

The Nail-Eating Rat raised his head with a sound.

\[Kuooooh...?\]

I smiled bitterly. Well, I couldn't afford to think about such things. I had
to survive these guys.

"I feel sorry for you. Right? Usually a constellation should have a 'king's
story'..."

\[The story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' is paying attention to your
words.\]

Whether it was a snake, a rat, a dog or a human... Those who steadily built up
their stories would have a story of a 'king' at the very least. However, these
guys have no such stories.

"...You have always fought against beings weaker than yourself and don't have
such stories."

\[Wh at non sense...\!\]

The next moment, a bright light rose from my body.

\[The story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' has found a story to distort.\]

The story, Distorting Things as One Pleases. This story didn't have the power
to improve my combat power.

\[The story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' is starting the story
distortion.\]

Instead, it could wake up the potential of stories that hadn't yet found their
true power. The direction didn't matter.

\[The story 'King of a World without a King' has been distorted\!\]

\[The story 'King of a World without a King' is starting the story.\]

I felt the power of the story seething deep inside my body. The muscles in
both arms swelled up. I gripped the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss that was wrapped
around my body. The snake screamed in my hands.

 The world without a king is now here. 

A huge magic power escaped and the story started to speak for itself. The
reason I checked the constellations' list of stories was simple. It was to use
this power.

 He was born rejecting all thrones in his black world. 

A brilliant light rose from the sword in my hands. The Four Yin Demonic
Beheading Sword. It was the sword used to destroy the Absolute Throne and the
weapon used in the story King of a Kingless World. The weapon responded to my
story and regained its original shape.

 Reign over all beings who aren't kings. 

\[W-Wait\! This strength...\!\]

The fact that our combat power was the same didn't mean the 'status' of the
stories is the same.

Even if the density and number of stories were low, I was also a
constellation. Dokgak should've properly recognized this fact.

\[Some constellations are admiring your story application\!\]

\[Constellations of the Big Dipper are paying attention to you.\]

Dokgak was bewildered and he frantically tried to manipulate the scenario.
However, now it was too late to change the sub scenario. He had already
exhausted a lot of probability because of the excessive sub scenario.

\[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is preparing to turn its tail and run.\]

The rat realized the unusual signs and turned around first. However, I
wouldn't miss a single one.

"Stop."

\[The effect of the story 'King of a Kingless World' is activated.\]

\[In front of your majesty, all beings who failed to qualify as kings must
bow.\]

\[Kuaaaah\!\]

\[Eeeek\!\]

There were powerful sparks and the bodies of the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss and
Nail-Eating Rat became stiff. The Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames was
already on the ground from the moment he saw my story.

\[Grrrr. D... don't co me.\]

As I approached, the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss wriggled on the ground. Only
those who had the story of a 'king' could resist this story.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is pleased.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is looking at you.\]

As the king of the monkeys and king of the 32 Demon Realm watched over me, the
Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword moved.

\[Kuaaaaaack\!\]

One blow. Two blows. I struck the head of the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss a few
times. The scales of the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss weren't easily destroyed.
The flesh of the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss was cut by the Purest Sword Force
and his blood splashed, turning the surrounding land red. The Nouveau Riche
Snake Boss let out several pained screams before falling quiet.

\[Constellations of the absolute good system are frowning at your cruelty.\]

I pulled the Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword out of the head of the Nouveau
Riche Snake Boss.

\[The demon king, 'Silver Claws Owl' is rejoicing in your execution.\]

\[2,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

The constellations didn't know what was really cruel.

"You should've been prepared if you coveted my position."

This was a warning to the constellations. It was a warning that they shouldn't
interfere with the giant story. I watched the sky and waved the Four Yin
Demonic Beheading Sword.

\[You have killed the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss's incarnation body.\]

\[You have acquired some of the stories of the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss.\]

It was the power of the Four Yin Demonic Beheading Sword that could cut off
the connection between constellation and incarnation body.

\[The constellation 'Nouveau Riche Snake Boss' has fallen into a deep sleep
with a scream.\]

Perhaps the Nouveau Riche Snake Boss would never return to an incarnation
body. Then I looked at the Nail-Eating Rat. Soon after, the Nail-Eating Rat
received the same fate.

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is delighting in your
madness.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at you with sad
eyes.\]

I brushed the blood of my cheeks and looked at the last remaining
constellation. The Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames was trembling
uncontrollably while his head drooped down. The flames that covered his body
had already disappeared.

The only thing that remained on the dog's body were the black burn stains from
protecting its master. I recalled his list of stories. This dog was different
from the other two in the Twelve Zodiacs.

\[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames' is pledging
allegiance to you.\]

I looked at the panting dog and hesitated for a moment. Certain constellations
would be disappointed if I didn't kill the dog here. However... Other
constellations aiming for me were running in the distance.

\[The story 'Distorting Things as One Pleases' has come to an end.\]

I had used an excessive amount of magic power and needed to recover. I put
away my sword and climbed onto the dog.

"Let's go to the Yoo Joonghyuk Industrial Complex."

As if waiting, the dog started taking strong steps. The scenery passed quickly
and I looked up at the sky.

The stars in the night sky seemed to be flowing to different places. Some
chose to watch and others chose to take part. Everyone started to draw the
trail of the story according to their respective desires.

The real Demon King Selection would soon begin.


