### Chapter 325: Ep. 61 - Gigantomachia, V

"Hah, it is really Earth..."

Jang Hayoung sighed as he crossed the portal and swept back his blond hair.
Gwanghwamun unfolded before him. He had returned home after a long journey.
"Are you happy about coming home after a long time?"

Jang Hayoung looked back and the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was exiting the
portal. The Breaking the Sky Master moved through her legs. Kyrgios Rodgraim
was sitting on the Breaking the Sky Master's head. It was the transcendent
party who left to train in a different dimension.

"Not so much..."

"Are you Jang Hayoung?"

Jang Hayoung's words were cut off by a stranger's voice. They turned around
and a man was looking at them. Based on his clothes, he wasn't Korean.

"Yes."

"Then is the giant behind you the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint?"

"That's right."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint replied and the man expressed his admiration.
"Hah, it is a great person. I've been waiting for you. I am called Flying
Fox."

"A Murim person. What do you want?"

"Young Mister Kim said to wait for you here."

"Young Mister Kim? Are you talking about that skinny guy?"

"If that skinny guy is referring to Kim Dokja then yes." Flying Fox kept
speaking, "'The Returnees Alliance will soon invade Seoul'. That's what he
said."

"...Cheeky student. I told him to come back quickly."

Kyrgios spoke with a frown. They also knew about the Returnees Alliance. In
particular, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint had heard separate stories from
Kim Dokja and Yoo Joonghyuk.

"The Returnees Alliance... in the other world line, I was killed by them."

Not all returnees chose the virtuous path like Flying Fox. The Returnees
Alliance was a representative group that chose the path of violence and
domination. "It looks like you neglected training in that world, Breaking the
Sky Sword Saint."

"The opponents were the Heavenly Demon and Blood Demon. You can't look down on
them."

"Whoever comes, you won't die in this world. We will fight together."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint laughed lightly at Kyrgios' assertion. "I
don't think I'll die either. If I die here, I can't hit by cute student's
butt."

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint clenched her fists as she spoke. She didn't
know how strong she was in the other world. However, she was certain that now
she had stepped into another realm.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was reminded of the battle with Indescribable
Distance three years ago. She couldn't measure the end of that outer god. The
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint never forgot the terror of that day when she
faced a disaster beyond the constellations.

She preserved the First Murim and gained a giant story, before visiting
Tartarus to open the fate of a 'giant god'. The enemy she couldn't deal with.
In the last three years, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint had been training
for a rematch with the outer god.

Then a strange feeling was felt in the distance.

"Something is coming."

Along with Kyrgios's words, Jang Hayoung and the Breaking the Sky Master also
took their places. At this timing, it must be the Returnees Alliance.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint quickly issued a command. "Kyrgios and I will
take care of the Heavenly Demon and Blood Demon. Hayoung and the Breaking the
Sky Master will protect the civilians of Seoul..."

The next moment, the body of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was surrounded
by a bright light.

\[The destiny of a 'giant' is found in 'Namgung Minyoung'\!\]

"What?"

\[The forced scenario transfer has begun\!\]

\[The stigma of myth can't be rejected.\]

"Master\!" The startled Jang Hayoung screamed but the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint's body had already disappeared somewhere. Even the calm Kyrgios couldn't
stop his shaky eyes. Then in the sky, dark clouds started to gather.

Kyrgios' expression hardened. "They are really coming this time."

The army of the Returnees Alliance was advancing towards Seoul. A great feast
of returnees.

The nervous Flying Fox muttered as he moved, "This is dangerous."

  

* * *

  

"Wait a minute, Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

"There is no time. Kim Dokja, haven't you noticed?" Yoo Joonghyuk's distorted
face was angry. "The fifth giant is obviously the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint."

"I know."

Originally, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint wasn't a sacrifice of
Gigantomachia. It was because she didn't visit Tartarus, meet her kin and
awaken her destiny.

 It is because of me. 

This had happened because I twisted the deployment. "Teacher will be in danger
if we don't help right away. Didn't you hear that Gigantomachia started?"

I gazed at Yoo Joonghyuk's face and shook my head. "She isn't in danger.
Rather, she is safe for the time being. Rather, it is someone other than the
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint who is in danger."

"What nonsense are you saying? If Teacher is designated as the 'giant' of the
scenario..."

Yoo Joonghyuk stopped as he noticed something. He also realized it. In
Gigantomachia, the 'giant hunting' event was designated as the last order.
Before the start of the hunting event, the giants were given absolute
protection in the scenario. If Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was really taking
part in Gigantomachia, she would be safe for now.

The problem was Earth, where the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint had disappeared
from.

"By now, the Returnees War would've begun."

We might've passed the 45th scenario but not everyone on Earth was the same.
The 45 scenario was still in progress and by now, the march of the Returnees
Alliance would've begun. Originally, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was
supposed to deal with the Returnees Alliance along with the others.

Yoo Joonghyuk thought for a while before spitting out, "Seoul is in danger."

Of course, Earth was powerful even without the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

There were Jang Hayoung, the Breaking the Sky Master, Kyrgios, Flying Fox, my
mother and the wanderer forces. Gong Pildu and Han Myungoh on the north side
would also help.

However... the only ones who could cope with the Heavenly Demon and Blood Demon
were the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios.

Yoo Joonghyuk struggled for a while before stating, "I will go to Earth. You
will take part in Gigantomachia alone."

"Is it okay?"

"There is no other way."

I threw the item I was holding in my hand to him. "Take this."

It was the Giant's Armour that I just received from Briareus. It was the main
armour used by Yoo Joonghyuk in the mid-to-late scenarios. Yoo Joonghyuk
grabbed it without a word and escaped from Tartarus with Persephone's help.

Kung. Kung. Kung. Kung.

The giants preparing for war kept stomping their feet.

\[Sub scenario - Myth Subversion has begun.\]

\[The possibility of a new story is germinating\!\]

Once this ceremony was over, the real Gigantomachia would begin. I gazed at
the giants before calling out to Persephone. "Your Majesty, I'd like to go out
as well."

\[You can't go out.\]

"Huh? Didn't you send out Yoo Joonghyuk?"

\[He isn't a 'prisoner'. However, you...\]

I glanced at the message floating in the air.

\[You are currently imprisoned for committing a criminal offense on the legal
zone.\]

\[Remaining confinement time: 4 hours.\]

\[Rules are rules.\]

I frowned. There were earth-shattering roars from the giants. If I waited
quietly for four hours in a place where I didn't know the time rate, I
wouldn't be Kim Dokja.

  

* * *

  

"Hey, did we come here to play?" Lee Jihye spoke with a blank expression as
she looked around.

\[Welcome to the theme park, Gigantomachia\!\]

\[Olympus' 12 work experience is in progress\!\]

The bustling group of incarnations and constellations were busily moving
somewhere.

\[Experience Capturing a Wild Boar.\]

\[Experience Hunting a Namea Lion.\]

...

Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung were running around while wearing rabbit ear
headbands. "I've never seen a place like this\!"

"Is this really the outfit that Heracles wore?"

It had been eight hours since the group entered the 60th scenario,
Gigantomachia. In these eight hours, the party members had watched a dull
video of Olympus, watched a poor fourth-grade monster that was called a
mythical wild boar and even saw a small hydra, less than 5 meters tall,
howling while trapped in a cage. "This is just an amusement park..."

Lee Hyunsung was able to get a lot of apples by participating in the Golden
Apple Farm event. The children were preoccupied with playing and the soldier
they believed in was like this.

Lee Seolhwa spoke, "The 60th scenario can't be like this. Stay focused." She
said this but a star-shaped headband that she bought as a souvenir was
flashing.

Lee Jihye looked at Han Sooyoung with a stricken expression. "Everybody isn't
sane... Sooyoung unni, say something\!"

Han Sooyoung was sitting on a bench and eating candy. As the distracted group
played in the amusement park, Han Sooyoung was looking at the progress of the
scenario with sharp eyes.

\[The next of the 12 tasks that incarnations and constellations will
participate in...\]

In particular, Han Sooyoung's eyes were focused on the most important place in
the center of the theme park. A man who seemed to be an event helper at first
glance was wearing ancient Greek armour and trinkets.

'There is a thick cover over his heel'.

There was only one hero in Olympus who had to be careful of his heels. Troy's
sorrow, Achilles.

He was yawning because the progress of the event was tedious. How much time
passed?

\[Eh, they've seen enough so let's go to the point.\]

The relaxed man's tone changed for the first time.

\[Gigantomachia is an event that has been hosted by our Olympus for a long
time. Experience the greatest myth in the Star Stream personally.\]

The gazes of the raucous incarnations focused in an instant.

\[As you know, this scenario is designed for incarnations and constellations
who are about to enter the mid-to-late scenarios. Through this scenario, you
have an opportunity to be chosen by the 12 gods of Olympus.\]

Han Sooyoung watched the ancient hero speaking like a dokkaebi and smiled
bitterly.

'They won't use a dokkaebi for the reputation of the nebula'.

Of course, they couldn't exercise the authority of a dokkaebi by doing this
but the performance was enough to stimulate the participants.

\[Is that all? You can also gain a stake in the giant story thought the 'giant
hunting' event.\]

'Some incarnations and constellations cheered at the words 'stake in a giant
story'.

Achilles laughed and declared. \[Then let's start the game.\]

At the same time, the main hall of the theme park started to open. The sealed
sphere opened and a pale light poured from the air.

\[Introducing the first giant\!\]

The light disappeared and the figure of a legend was revealed. However, the
appearance of the giant was smaller than expected. The giant was only around
three meters tall.

\[Haha, I see some people are disappointed. The first giant is smaller because
she is a mixed-breed. However, there is no doubt that she has the story of the
giants. So everyone, please start hunting\!\]

Han Sooyoung and the party members were watching the giant. Lee Jihye's mouth
was open in a trance as she rubbed her eyes. Then she exclaimed, "That
person...\!"

Lee Hyunsung, Lee Gilyoung, Shin Yoosung as well. Everyone knew the identity
of the giant. It was because the giant was a colleague who had fought with
them. The party members' eyes widened as they faced the giant.

\[Main scenario \#60  'Gigantomachia' has begun\!\]

\[The first game has been decided.\]

\[Hunt the giant 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, Namgung Minyoung'\]

The first prey was Yoo Joonghyuk's teacher, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

\[Why are you all still? Are you scared?\]

No one moved despite the scenario starting. Thus, Achilles flew through the
air.

\[It seems that everyone is afraid since this is the first time you're
experiencing Gigantomachia... it isn't a big deal. I'll give you a
demonstration.\]

A star relic, the Ash Spear was held in Achilles' hand. A legendary spear that
killed numerous armed men in the Trojan War.

The incarnations cried out. Achilles was a hero of Olympus. There were no
giants who could go against him.

Han Sooyoung untied the bandage around her arm. The scenario was important but
they couldn't lose the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint here.

\[Look. Being afraid of this\!\]

Han Sooyoung rushed forward as Achilles's spear aimed at the Breaking the Sky
Sword Saint's heart. Then Han Sooyoung stopped. Achilles's charge stopped in
the air. The cheers of the incarnations ceased. The Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint's enormous hand was holding Achilles' head.

\[Whether it is Murim or Olympus, giants always get the same treatment.\]

Achilles hung in the air like a worm and struggled. The more he struggled, the
more the muscles on the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's hand became larger. A
voice was heard from somewhere.

\[You want to hunt giants?\]

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's eyes were cold as she stared at the
incarnations and constellations.

There was a loud sound and Achilles' head was crushed.

\[Then give it a try.\]


