### Chapter 223: Ep. 42 - Asmodeus, III

I told her to take me to the Gilobat Industrial Complex and Aileen replied,

"No matter how fast you are, it will take at least two days to reach the
Gilobat Industrial Complex. Perhaps if there is help from a transcendental
existence..."

"The delegation must be a transportation vehicle. Is it unreasonable?"

"I said two days assuming that you use it."

Two days... even two hours was too long for me. No matter how I got there, I had
to arrive within an hour or I would find Yoo Joonghyuk's torn body. I was
thinking hard, "The help of a transcendent presence..."

The first one to come to mind was 'Hermes'. If I had this constellation's
help, I could cover a distance that took two days within a few minutes. The
problem was that he belonged to Olympus.

"...Going to hell is going to hell. I can't borrow his hands."

"Huh?"

I waved my hand at the startled Aileen. "I'm just talking to myself."

Of course, I was purposely talking to myself. The reason

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is wondering what is
going on.\]

\[The constellation who likes to change sex is wondering what happened.\]

\[Some constellations are curious about the information you have hidden.\]

It was in order to induce this response. I deliberately ignored their messages
and spoke towards Aileen. "Is there another way? A warp portal or something
like that..."

"This is the 73rd Demon Realm. It is also the outskirts of the 73rd Demon
Realm. We don't have such advanced transportation devices."

"...I see."

"What the hell is going on?"

"Someone is about to die."

"Who?"

"It is the master of this industrial complex."

As expected, my message log exploded.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is asking what you
mean.\]

\[The constellation who likes to change sex is listening to your story.\]

...The explosion was still small but it couldn't be helped since there weren't
many constellations in the channel. By the way, when did the person who liked
to change sex come here?

"Prisoner of the Golden Headband. Can you help me?"

I spoke directly to the constellation and the people in the treatment room
were astonished. I

decided to be more brazen.

"If you don't mind, I'd like to borrow your Nimbus Cloud."

It was one of the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal's star relics, the Nimbus Cloud.
If I could borrow it, I could reach the Gilobat Industrial Complex in the
shortest time. The problem was whether the tricky the Great Sage, Heaven's
Equal would lend me his star relic. He had already wasted probability once
because of me...

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is asking why you need
the 'Nimbus Cloud'.\]

I struggled for a moment before opening my mouth. I had to speak well here. "I
pretended to be Yoo Joonghyuk. Then Yoo Joonghyuk impersonated me... it caused a
scenario error and there is a problem..."

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is annoyed.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' hates complicated
things.\]

I decided to summarize the situation according to the Great Sage, Heaven's
Equal's patience. "Due to this, Yoo Joonghyuk is going to die."

I wanted to know if he would help but the response from the Great Sage,
Heaven's Equal was unexpected.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is pulling out a handful
of his hair from the stress.\]

"Wait a minute."

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is leaving to find a
hair comb.\]

"Excuse me?"

There was no response from the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal who disappeared.

\[A constellations who likes to change sex is enjoying the situation.\]

\[100 coins have been sponsored.\]

I was looking up at the air when Aileen asked me, "I don't know who he is but
the new owner of this industrial complex is in a crisis?"

"...That's right."

"Why?"

"He is going to meet a demon king."

"A demon king isn't necessarily an evil existence. If you are lucky, you can
survive."

"I guess but..."

The problem was the demon king was 'Asmodeus'. In the novel, Asmodeus was one
of the greatest adversaries whenever Yoo Joonghyuk regressed. Yoo Joonghyuk
had already died against Asmodeus in the past. Could Yoo Joonghyuk be safe
from him? No good images popped up no matter how hard I thought.

Han Myungoh looked at me nervously and opened his mouth. "Now what are you
going to do?"

It was a big problem. Even if I managed to get there in time, there was no
guarantee I could overcome Asmodeus by joining forces with Yoo Joonghyuk.
However

"I won't know without trying."

"Huh, I didn't know you were so passionate. In the company, you never..."

"If I don't work hard, I will die. It is different from not becoming a full-
time employee if I didn't work hard."

"...Ahem."

The situation was bad but I decided to think as positively as possible. There
was something I didn't know. Perhaps things would turn out well even if I
didn't go there. A miracle could happen that caused Yoo Joonghyuk to
experience a great awakening or Asmodeus might suddenly become a good guy.

...Damn, that was impossible. I opened the revised Ways of Survival on my
smartphone again. I couldn't come up with something so I had to read this to
find the answer.

"What's happening?"

"Shhh, be quiet. This is what I do best."

I quickly scrolled through the contents of Ways of Survival. Then one sentence
in the 12th regression caught my eyes.

 Yoo Joonghyuk thought there were many reasons for his failure in the third
round. This was the most important reason.

My heart suddenly sank. No, hurry up and think about it. The moment I read the
next sentence, my mind became blank and I almost went crazy.

 'At that time, we shouldn't have pretended to support the Demon King
Asmodeus'.

  

* * *

  

There was a little girl with dark eyes. She had a small body and appeared to
be around eight or nine years old. The chubby cheeks and vivid expressions
were reminiscent of a child actor. There wasn't any apparent threat on the
surface.

'...His taste is the same'.

However, Yoo Joonghyuk knew very well that the gigantic presence in that body
wasn't the main character of a children's drama. This girl was the peak of the
72 existences scattered across the Demon Realm and the owner of the '32nd
Demon Realm', someone even narrative-grade constellations were reluctant to
face. Devil of Lust and Wrath, Asmodeus.

Asmodeus smiled with the girl's face.

\[Oh, there is no need to be so tense. I just came to talk.\]

The utterance of his true voice brought pain to the incarnations in the area.
All incarnations in the industrial complex were probably bleeding. In front of
this fearsome pressure, Yoo Joonghyuk held his breath and raised all his magic
power.

The feeling of pressure wrapped around his skin gradually decreased. This
presence was so strong that even the transcendent Yoo Joonghyuk found it hard
to bear. As expected, the status of a demon king itself was different. Whether
or not he knew Yoo Joonghyuk's heart, Asmodeus approached Yin with gentle
footsteps.

\[Interesting. The last time we met was when I saw you through my
subordinate's eyes at the Syswitz Industrial Complex...\]

The steps were obviously light but in Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes, they were the
heaviest things in the world. The grip on the Splitting the Sky Sword become
stronger and the veins of his neck bulged.

\[You moved to Gilobat and defeated the duke in such a short time... your skills
are great, Demon King of Salvation.\]

Demon King of Salvation... It was obvious who this was referring to.

'Damn Kim Dokja'.

Everything happened in the wrong place. In a short time, Yoo Joonghyuk had
dozens of thoughts.

'This guy is in an incomplete incarnation body. Can I win?'

'No, it is impossible'.

'It might be an incarnation body but this is the Demon Realm'.

'Then can I run away?'

'It is too unreasonable'.

'There is no way to get rid of the demon king, who has the mind and heart of
an incarnation'.

Originally, the demon kings couldn't exist in this scenario. Based on the
visible sparks, a huge amount of probability was being consumed in real time.
Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't escape from somehow who showed up with this
determination.

'There is only one way that will possibly work'.

'Buy time to waste his probability'.

He might be a demon king but he couldn't take over the body of an incarnation
in the scenario for long. He would be forced to return as long as Yoo
Joonghyuk could buy some time. The problem was that it shouldn't be a 'fight'.
In the end, Yoo Joonghyuk had to bend his pride a bit.

"Yes, I am the Demon King of Salvation. Who are you?"

\[...It is a bit strange? Were you originally this handsome? The face I saw last
time...\]

"You came here because you have something to say. Then tell me."

\[Huhu, yes. But before we talk, there is something that is bothering me.\]

"What?"

Asmodeus's small fingers snapped. Formidable sparks appeared and a little doll
with half of one arm torn appeared in the air.

\[As expected.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk bit his lips. He was dealing with a demon king. It was a mistake
to think that the Recluse's Cloak wouldn't be noticed.

\[Why is the symbolic body of an archangel here?\]

"I don't know."

\[Is that so? Is this true?\]

Intense sparks flashed and Uriel made a pained expression.

\[I can tell who you are based on this symbolic body.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at Asmodeus.\]

\[Archangel Uriel. Is your brother Raphael well? I want you to tell him that I
haven't forgotten the debt.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is roaring with anger\!\]

\[Of course, you can only tell him if you return safely.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression darkened. This was the Demon Realm. No matter how
strong Uriel was, she couldn't expose the demon king's incarnation body with a
symbolic body. Yoo Joonghyuk didn't hesitate to raise his energy.

"Stop."

It would be difficult if he lost Uriel's symbolic body here. He would become
lost from the scenario if he lost Uriel here. Asmodeus looked impressed by the
pressure of the boiling magic power coming from Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Hrmm? This energy... it is tough. But...\]

The next moment, Asmodeus was in front of Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[A mere mortal is imitating a star.\]

The small arm stretched out and grabbed Yoo Joonghyuk's jaw.

"Kuek...\!"

\[Indeed, you aren't the Demon King of Salvation. Isn't that right?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk hurriedly swung the Splitting the Sky Sword. Surprisingly, it
was easily caught by Asmodeus' hand.

\[If I'd known you could make such a pretty face, I wouldn't have let you go
in the beginning.\]

Then the Splitting the Sky Sword was broken in half.

\[You are afraid of me. Cute child.\]

"Kuoock..."

\[If you resist so much, I will lose the desire to talk to you.\]

Dark shadows flocked behind Asmodeus. The darkness gathered in the air and
formed a monster with huge horns.

\[I want to trample on you.\]

Blood started to flow from Yoo Joonghyuk's nose. The mighty story was weighing
down on his transcendence. In front of the vast presence, Yoo Joonghyuk
quietly prepared to open 'transcendence stage 1'.

There were no odds but Yoo Joonghyuk didn't give up. If he could just create a
gap for one moment, he might have enough time to return to the Earth scenario.
As Yoo Joonghyuk was thinking this, he allowed one attack and felt the shock
of his entire body being broken.

His left arm and right leg were broken and even the magic power in his stomach
was lost. By the time he came to his senses, he was crumpled on the ground.
Asmodeus raised this Yoo Joonghyuk and touched Yoo Joonghyuk's forehead
softly.

\[I can't believe it. A mere human has such sublime despair.\]

"Dog... bas...tard."

\[Persephone said that 'Kim Dokja' must be the best story. Huhu.\]

Asmodeus licked his lips. Yoo Joonghyuk stared at Asmodeus before closing his
eyes.

'I'm sorry Kim Dokja'.

There was no other way. He was forced to look towards the next regression. He
closed his eyes and Yoo Joonghyuk's clock prepared to go back. The second
hand, the minute hand, the hour hand. The moment that the giant hands were
going to move in the opposite direction

 That's why you should've thought about me earlier. 

All of a sudden, Yoo Joonghyuk's clock stopped.

  

* * *

  

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' stage 3 has been
activated\!\]

Huge sparks appeared around Yoo Joonghyuk and the startled Asmodeus moved
back. Something blinked inside Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes while something else woke
up. Of course, it was me.

\[You...\]

\[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at the 'Devil of Lust
and Wrath'.\]

I stared at Asmodeus with bright eyes. Then I said, \[Don't touch my
incarnation, Asmodeus.\]


