### Chapter 90: Ep. 18  A Reader's Fight, III

I looked at the system messages that appeared after Myung Ilsang's death. He
left this world with just a few lines of messages.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is satisfied.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' nods with slight discontent.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is greatly pleased with your
story\]

\[Someone has recommended your scenario to the Star Stream.\]

\[25,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

I got up and slowly looked around.

Gangdong-gu was ruined. The disaster had only briefly passed but the ground
was destroyed and the tall buildings collapsed.

On the road lit by the glow of the sunset, people covered with black dust
crawled out. They were all people who ran here to obtain items. People who
wanted to be the protagonist but had to remain as 'characters'.

Some people held their injuries while others wiped their tears. I could also
see people bowing down to me. However, most people were lying on the ground as
cold bodies.

I had read all of Ways of Survival. I understood the settings, the meaning of
the explanations and finally thought that I had figured out the author's
intentions. But in Ways of Survival, there were no sentences describing these
deaths.

I turned and saw Yoo Joonghyuk watching the same scene as me. Perhaps Yoo
Joonghyuk had seen this scene alone many times.

"Yoo Joonghyuk." He turned to look at me. I rolled the words around the tip of
my tongue for a bit before shutting my mouth. "...It is nothing."

The scenarios would continue in the future and I would see this moment many
times. I would encounter scenes that weren't expressed in the text several
times.

Then a translucent window appeared in front of me and I heard an unexpected
message.

\[The dokkaebi 'Dokgak' has invited you to his channel.\]

...Who was inviting me to a channel? I was confused for a moment but decided to
ignore it. Then the message flashed again.

\[The dokkaebi 'Dokgak' has invited you to his channel.\]

I looked up at the air and saw one dokkaebi looking down at this side. It was
a one-legged dokkaebi with an unpleasant smile. Bihyung was behind him with a
terrible expression and looked between us. There was a gap even among
dokkaebis of the same rank.

...Yes, I had a rough idea of this situation. I took a deep breath and
deliberately spoke in a loud voice, "What? You won't give me the rewards?"

Dokgak's eyebrows twitched at my words. However, his mouth was still relaxed.

\[Oh, of course. I'm sorry. I made a mistake.\]

Dokgak was a scary dokkaebi. He wasn't silly like Bihyung but had a different
constitution from the intermediate dokkaebis. Not just anyone could be a
streamer of a major channel.

\[The sub-scenario  SSS-grade Hunt has ended.\]

\[The compensation settlement will begin.\]

\[You have obtained 50,000 coins as compensation.\]

I felt better when I received a huge number of coins. This scenario gave me
50,000 coins in one go. It was a great scenario.

Given the fact that sub scenarios were formed at the discretion of the
dokkaebi, most of these coins would come from Dokgak's pocket. I thought his
stomach would hurt but Dokgak was smiling softly.

\[It is a great pleasure to see interesting stories. How can I not be
amused?\]

He muttered like he read my mind. Well, he had a big channel in Tokyo Dome so
this level of coins being bled wouldn't matter.

Why did he leave Japan now? Chances were high that great players like Oda
Nobunaga or Miyamoto Musashi would still be active. Yes... was he full because
the incarnations in his house were so busy?

"Then give me the extra compensation quickly. Is this all?"

\[Ah, of course. I should naturally give it to you. You are the one who made
this scenario interesting.\]

I became somewhat angry at his sarcastic tone. If it wasn't for this bastard,
the Disaster of Questions would've been a lot easier. Bihyung glanced at me
from behind and communicated with me.

Hey... you know.

However, Dokgak interrupted Bihyung before his words could be conveyed.

\[Bihyung, prepare the compensation.\]

Bihyung made a surprised and angry sound.

\[Huh?\]

\[Prepare for compensation. Do I have to tell you twice?\]

Look at this? Bihyung hesitated before opening his mouth again. \[You are
currently in charge of the sub scenario...\]

\[How interesting Bihyung. You dare act like this in front of the
incarnations?\]

A fierce aura started to crush Bihyung's body. The power of the dokkaebi
depended on the size of the channel.

\[It seems to be true that the size of your channel has grown lately.\]

Bihyung shrank back as Dokgak kept talking.

\[N-No\! It is a misunderstanding\!\]

\[You do know that the sixth scenario involves Korea and Japan together? Have
you already forgotten?\]

\[I-I'm really sorry. I'll prepare it right away\!\]

\[Get started right away.\]

\[Yes\!\]

I didn't feel good because Bihyung was the one managing my channel. To be
honest, Bihyung and Dokgak's relationship seemed similar to how Song Minwoo
bothered me during high school.

\[Additional compensation settlement will begin.\]

\[You have acquired Protection Symbol of the Parasites as a basic reward.\]

\[An additional selection reward exists.\]

\[You are the largest contributor to this scenario.\]

\[You have the first choice of additional compensation.\]

I saw a translucent catalogue appear in front of me. Once again, it was quite
useful to catch a disaster.

\[Infinite Dimension Space Coat\]  SSS-grade.

\[Dark Fire Half-Gloves\]  SSS-grade.

\[Sylphid's Jump Boots\]  SSS-grade.

Triple S-grade compensation items. I quickly looked at the options of the
items.

The Infinite Dimension Space Coat had a special option of a 'inside pocket
space' that allowed it to hold many things.

Dark Fire Half-Gloves greatly amplified skills with the dark and fire
attributes.

Finally, Sylphid's Jump Boots allowed me to use the 'jump' effect three times
a day.

They weren't star relics but it was enough to go to the 10th scenario. People
might say, 'It is SSS-grade but it is only to the 10th scenario?' But the
world of Ways of Survival was originally like this.

The item grade inflation was substantial in the world of Ways of Survival. The
difference in performance of the items obtained in the early stages to the
middle stages was huge, despite having the same grade.

Of course, it wasn't necessary to throw away SSS-grade items now but special
materials would be needed to transcend equipment.

This was why it was good to have star relics. Unlike other items, star relics
didn't need transcendence. Once scenarios opened, the star relics would
recover their inherent power that was beyond the constraints of probability.

\[...Please choose a reward.\] Bihyung told me with a grouchy expression. He was
exhausted by the harassment.

At this moment, I heard Bihyung through the dokkaebi communication.

Personally, I recommend the Infinite Dimension Space Coat. There is one more
hidden option. It is easier to transcend later.

He was working as my manager. The quick-witted Dokgak was staring at Bihyung.

\[Bihyung?\]

\[...Yes\!\]

\[You must explain the items to the constellations. Have you forgotten?\]

\[I-I understand\!\]

Bihyung quickly started to explain the items to the constellations of Seoul
Dome. I used this break to talk to Yoo Joonghyuk. "Yoo Joonghyuk, what are you
going to choose?"

I had first choice but I decided to give it to Yoo Joonghyuk since I received
his help.

...Of course, this was if Yoo Joonghyuk didn't hit me into the ground.

"Yoo Joonghyuk?"

He didn't answer. He was just staring at me.

"Did you pass out again?"

I waved my hand in front of his eyes several times but his pupils didn't
change.

\[The character Yoo Joonghyuk is currently using Recovery Hibernation Lv. 3.\]

...Indeed, it was abnormal for him to move with that body. His body must be half
broken to be able to use Recovery Hiberation. I couldn't just pick so I left a
message with Midday Tryst. Han Sooyoung watched by my side and interrupted,
"...Perhaps I should choose instead?"

"Only if you want to be hit by Yoo Joonghyuk later."

Han Sooyoung became silent in an instant. I spoke to Bihyung, "I will choose
Infinite Dimension Space Coat."

However, the answer didn't come from Bihyung. Dokgak nodded and turned off the
catalogue with a flick of his fingers.

\[You have picked a good item. Then let's go the payment area.\]

Payment area?

\[The additional compensation can't be paid here.\]

Look at this.

"Where are you going to take me?"

\[I'll take you to my 'Dokkaebi Official Post'.\]

The Dokkaebi Official Post.

In folk tales, it was a type of clothing but here it was different. It was a
'room' that all dokkaebis had. It was a room that hid their true colours.

"That is a problem. Just give it to me here."

It was their unique space. I didn't know what to expect. As far as I knew,
there was no procedure regarding moving to a Dokkaebi's Official Post in order
to receive additional compensation.

It was obviously this guy's suggestion to go to his official post. Bihyung was
watching me anxiously from next to him. I watched Dokgak with narrowed eyes.

\[Hrmm... do you want me to cancel the additional compensation?\]

"Try it."

The scenario's compensation was a fixed rule of the Star Stream. Even a sub-
scenario made with a dokkaebi's discretion couldn't take back an item that was
given after the scenario was over.

A smile flashed on Dokgak's face.

\[How interesting.\]

This isn't a good idea.

The dokkaebi communication opened.

As Dokgak opened his mouth, I heard him saying two different things.

\[Kim Dokja. I've heard your story. You are so famous that the constellations
of the lands beyond the peninsula know about you.\]

I know about your contract with Dokkaebi Bihyung. But among the dokkaebis, it
is possible to 'transfer incarnations'.

\[I've heard that you act proudly in front of dokkaebis and today I have
discovered that the rumour isn't false.\]

I will speak bluntly. Come to my channel. I am going to expand my channel to
the Korean Peninsula. I will be happy to meet your desired items and
conditions.

Interesting. He made me a scouting proposal in this manner. The suggestion
from Dokgak could be seen as moving from a team in the Asian League to a top
team from La Liga.

It was an attractive offer. The problem was... the transfer. I knew this guy
called 'Dokgak'.

"I might look like this but I'm actually really scared. I'm trembling while
talking to you like this. So give me the item quickly."

Dokgak's expression hardened at my words.

\[How interesting. You are humble.\]

You are too arrogant. You will be humbled one day.

"...What does that mean?"

Bihyung's channel will soon disappear.

A laugh emerged from Dokgak's mouth.

\[Then it can't be helped. I originally wanted to announce this after paying
the 'compensation' but I'm sorry.\]

...An announcement? What announcement?

Dokgak looked up at the sky. He looked at the constellations emitting light
and slowly opened his mouth. His voice seemed to echo in all of Seoul.

\[I have regrettable news for the constellations who have watched the scenario
with interest so far.\]

The low-grade dokkaebis quickly withdrew from Bihyung's vicinity. Bihyung made
a bewildered expression. It wasn't good whenever the dokkaebis acted like
this.

\[Unfortunately, among the channels operating in Seoul Dome, there is a
channel that has been illegally manipulating the scenarios.\]

\[Many constellations are paying attention to 'Dokgak's words'.\]

\[It is the \#BI-7623 channel of Dokkaebi Bihyung. As a result of a survey,
the low-grade dokkaebis in Seoul Dome have concluded that 'probability' has
been infringed due to excessive channel scenario manipulation.\]

...Wait, what?

\[On behalf of the low-grade dokkaebis of Seoul Dome, I am formally asking the
Bureau to determine the 'probability conformity' of this channel.\]


