### Chapter 135: Ep. 26 - Scenario Destroyer, V

I reflexively asked Yoo Joonghyuk, "Do you know these people?"

"Just one of them."

Yoo Joonghyuk knew the Salvation Church? Well, he would've met them in the
second regression. I was also familiar with the Salvation Church. According to
the original novel, the Salvation Church was a group that completely abandoned
the stereotypes of the word 'salvation'.

 "There is no salvation in the afterlife." 

The first sermon of the Salvation Church began with this.

 "The most important thing is the story and 'today' is what we need to
liberate ourselves from. 

At first glance, their doctrine had no problem. It gave importance to the
present, not the past or the future. It was a story I heard many times even
before the destruction came.

The Salvation Church mumbled unintelligible words while leading enormous
forces. The elephants making harsh cries were the 7th grade desert thorn
elephants. They had somebody who could tame the elephants.

"O-Ohhh..."

"The Salvation Church\!"

The incarnations cheered at the splendid appearance. I was a bit nervous. The
Salvation Church had already appeared. Someone was intervening in the future I
knew. It was also a very strong presence.

I heard a voice from the elephant in the front. "Young incarnations. The
Salvation Church has come. We will free you from the scenario."

At these words, the Salvation members spread out their arms towards the
incarnations. Some of the incarnations came forward.

"...What do you mean by liberation from the scenario?"

"Literally what I said. I will give you freedom from the scenarios."

The words were still elusive but they were appropriate to tempt the
incarnations.

Liberation, freedom.

Some incarnations were prepared but for most of the incarnations who were
forced into this place, they were sweet words.

"C-Can we become stronger if we enter the Salvation Church?"

Some incarnations were already convinced while others were more cautious. They
believed in immediate power rather than vague words of 'salvation'.

"Stronger..." A shadow moved on the palanquin atop the elephant. The gender of
the voice couldn't be identified. "What do you think strength is?"

Gazes focused on the man who asked the original question and he stuttered with
a red face. "Well, strength is to be powerful... or to have strong skills\!
Isn't that what it means?"

"A strong power and strong skills... something like this?"

Magic power slowly stretched from the palanquin and formed a gigantic palm. It
was magic power manifestation. A technique that could be used by a returnee
was being implemented by a mere incarnation in the scenario.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is hostile towards the
'palm'.\]

A huge palm that was overwhelming covered the sky and fell towards the man.

"Waaaaahhhhh\!"

Everyone screamed at the overwhelming magic. The moment the palm covered the
incarnations, it transformed into wind and disappeared. A warm and gentle
airflow surrounded the incarnation.

"You are pursuing fleeting things. Strength and weaknesses are all images made
by stories."

The curtain of the palanquin was lifted and something emerged. Like the bright
sun rising, a light was emitted from the whole body. It was like a god
descending as the light landed on the ground.

Then I realized something. I hadn't thought that the 'Salvation leader' I knew
would already come into the scenario. The incarnation who asked for strength
hesitated and opened his mouth.

"W-What does that... can I become stronger if I go under you?"

The lord of the Salvation Church spoke with a benevolent smile. "There is no
meaning."

"N-No meaning?"

"Poor living thing trapped in a pile of time. You are now being deceived by
the story." The hand of the Salvation leader touched the forehead of the
incarnation. "Tell me. Who inspired you to be 'strong'? Why do you want to be
stronger?"

The incarnation opened his mouth like he was possessed. "T-That... being strong...
can survive..."

"What does it mean to survive?"

"To survive... is to survive\! Become stronger and live..."

It was repeated like a silly song. However, maybe this was the most honest
answer. The Salvation leader asked, "Is that your life?"

"W-What...?"

"If you live all day in order to be stronger, where is your life?"

As if realizing something that he shouldn't be aware of, the body of the
incarnation shook.

"My life is... huh?"

Tears flowed from the man's eyes. The man continued crying without
understanding the meaning of his tears.

Whenever a human faced an incomprehensible emotion, they would try to
forcefully gain an answer. Everyone watching the scene felt a sense of
exaltation. It was as if they had been waiting for someone to fix the
situation.

The Salvation leader wiped the tears of the man and some people sighed.

"This is the trap of the story."

I looked up at the air and the dokkaebi seemed to be listening with interest.
The leader of the Salvation Church declared, "Don't be eaten in the future."

Every word wedged in the hearts of the incarnations.

"Don't be fooled by the salvation of the afterlife that will come someday."

All the incarnations who just entered the scenario watched spellbound. Whether
they understood it or didn't understand it, the words became a sound that
permeated everyone's heart.

The Salvation leader continued speaking, "Salvation is here now and here is
where you should be."

Live and protect the present. Regain human pride without being eaten in the
future.

"Struggle here\! Then leave yourself with a new story\! This is the only way
to be liberated from the scenario\!"

It was beautiful to hear. At least, if the person saying it wasn't the
'Salvation Church's leader'. I looked at Yoo Joonghyuk. "Yoo Joonghyuk."

Yoo Joonghyuk was also pulling out a sword. There was a fierce killing intent
on his face. "It is a great way to train a suicide unit with tremendous
bullshit."

The Salvation leader turned around at Yoo Joonghyuk's words. The moment they
locked eyes, Yoo Joonghyuk demanded, "You better turn it off and leave,
Salvation Leader."

"You?"

A vast wave of air seemed to encroach on the surroundings and the Salvation
leader started to slowly fly to this side. The person wearing ghagra and
flying in the sky gave off an exotic atmosphere like a fairy. The leader of
the Salvation Church called out, "Yoo Joonghyuk?"

Why? A beautiful smile spread on the face of the Salvation leader. "Yoo
Joonghyuk\! Do you know how long I have been looking for you?"

He was stronger than any incarnation I encountered before. According to the
original novel, it should be a long time before this person appeared. Thus, I
wasn't prepared for him.

I quietly activated Character List.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[There is too much information about this person. Character List is converted
to Character Summary.\]

Then a message I saw for the first time popped up.

\[There is still too much relevant information about this person. Character
List will try to summarize it again.\]

\[The information summary has failed.\]

\[The relevant information of the person can't be summarized.\]

It was ridiculous. It was impossible to summarize the information? I thought
for a moment before changing the setting to only the 'first attribute' of the
person.

\[The settings of the summary list have been changed.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Nirvana Moebius.

Exclusive Attributes: Reincarnator \(Legend\)

...I got goosebumps the moment I got the information. Dammit, it really was him.

The third way to survive in a ruined world. The person in front of me was the
third method. The reincarnator, Nirvana. A human who wasn't a human.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!" It was a jubilant voice.

I watched the man approaching and my palms became wet with tension. This
person's mindset was different from ordinary humans. No matter how much I read
Ways of Survival, there was a limit to how I could take advantage of him. So,
what should I do...

Nirvana smiled brightly and spread open his arms. "Yoo Joonghyuk\! Become one
with me\!"

At this moment, I understood how I could use him.

  

* * *

  

Nirvana clearly remembered the first moment he woke up in this 'world'.
Funnily enough, Nirvana was a diving beetle.

'...'

As soon as he opened his eyes, Nirvana was eaten by a frog. In the next life,
Nirvana was born as a frog.

'It wasn't an easy life'.

In that life, he was eaten by a rattlesnake and died. Nirvana became a
rattlesnake the life after that.

'At least I can eat frogs'.

In that life, Nirvana was killed by an anaconda. In the next life, Nirvana was
born as an anaconda.

'I will eat all snakes'.

In that life, Nirvana evolved into a powerful monster. Soon after, he
experienced the crisis of being hunted by humans. The humans blinded by
rewards harmed him and Nirvana suffered great injuries. On the brink of death,
Nirvana hid from the hunters in the forest.

However, he was noticed by a human.

"...You look injured."

Why? The human didn't hurt him. The man took care of his wounds and then
released him into the forest. Nirvana couldn't understand kindness but he
remembered this man's hand for a long time.

Then Nirvana was born as a human.

\[The constellation 'Mandala's Guardian' is observing your life.\]

Nirvana knew someone was watching him. He later realized it was a so-called
constellation. Since then, Nirvana continued to be born as a human.

He became an excellent farmer and then the person who led the farmers. He
became a soldier and then a sword master respected by soldiers. He was a slave
and a noble who slaughtered slaves.

He experienced countless deaths and lived countless lives. He went through
numerous scenarios. Then he realized that he was the only 'special being' in
this universe.

'Only I am reincarnated with all of my memories'.

This fact made him terribly lonely. He was lonely so he enjoyed life even
more. He lived as if he could never survive again. Only once had he lived like
he had 'one life'. He taught others how he lived. Then he survived alone.

One day, he received a message.

\[You are caught in the huge wheel of time.\]

\[Your reincarnation circuit is subject to the wheel of time.\]

\[The constellation 'Mandala's Guardian' feels pity for your destiny.\]

\[You are participating in the Planetary System 8612 scenarios.\]

Nirvana came across a person.

'Yoo Joonghyuk'.

For the first time, he found someone who repeated their life. The form was
different but he was still bound to the wheel of eternity.

'You are like me'.

Just this allowed Nirvana to receive tremendous salvation. In this vast
universe, there was someone who understood him.

'I failed in my past life. This time will be different'.

The Salvation leader approached Yoo Joonghyuk and shouted, "Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Nirvana watched Yoo Joonghyuk and laughed even more. Nirvana had been waiting
for this day since he entered Yoo Joonghyuk's 'time'.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\! Become one with me\!"

"Stop with the bullshit and get lost. Before I kill you."

Despite Yoo Joonghyuk's prickly attitude, Nirvana laughed. Now, even his
grumbling felt cute.

"You pretend to hate me but I know that, in fact, you want me more than anyone
else. You need my strength\!"

Last time Nirvana ruined his work but this time would be different. Nirvana
kept shouting, "I shall help you\! Have you forgotten your last failure? Only
I can save you\! I will liberate you from the wheels of eternity..."

"I don't need a person like you."

"What?"

Nirvana asked in a devastated voice and Yoo Joonghyuk glanced to his side
before speaking again.

"I have a companion already."


