### Chapter 244: Ep. 46 - New Story, I

\[I will create a 'new story' that never existed before.\]

The constellations shut their mouths at my words. It wasn't just because they
were shocked. Rather, they didn't understand what I was saying.

The first one to speak was a constellation drinking beside Thor. \[What do you
mean by a new story?\]

According to Ways of Survival, the Dokkaebi King left these words a long time
ago:

 There are no new stories in the Star Stream. All stories are just based on
old stories. 

This old saying was the humility of the dokkaebis and was a phrase that needed
to be overcome.

I hesitated to answer and a hot-tempered constellation came out first.

\[Is there a sword master in the story?\]

Sword master... I nodded at the unexpected question.

\[There is.\]

Some constellations sighed at my response while others had shining eyes. Then
another constellation asked. \[Is there a great magician?\]

\[Maybe one will appear.\]

\[A reincarnator?\]

\[Yes.\]

\[An SSS-grade hunter? For reference, I like friends who are rewarded for a
reasonable effort.\]

\[It is a possibility. I don't dislike this who try hard.\]

\[A returnee will naturally come out?\]

The various questions continued for a while, as if it was fun. In the process,
there were those who smiled and those who shook their heads. No matter their
expression, they were all imagining a story.

It was a story that hadn't been created yet. However, it was a story that
might exist. Was it because it had been a long time since the Gourmet
Association jumped into such 'imagination?' For a while, there was a gentle
atmosphere in the hall that didn't fit the Gourmet Association.

However, the atmosphere didn't stay like this.

\[I don't understand. Aren't there many of these stories already?\]

The one who poured cold water on it was the Morning Star Goddess.

\[Sword masters, great magicians reincarnators, returnees... what is new about
this story? I don't know how such a product can be considered as 'new'.\]

I thought for a moment before replying, \[It isn't just new materials that
make up a new story. Aren't the first generation stories that the Gourmet
Association likes also made up of ordinary materials?\]

\[Are you comparing the first generation of art with your story?\]

\[I don't mean to compare it. In the first place, I'm not trying to make
art.\]

Some constellations looked disappointed at my words. The Morning Star goddess
laughed like it was ridiculous.

\[You are speaking vulgar words. Yes, good. Then what is new about your
story?\]

The atmosphere of the constellations was changing again. As expected, I
couldn't throw a few things around casually. I faced them and declared in my
true voice,

\[In the story I'm creating, there will be an end to all scenarios.\]

The end of all the scenarios. The atmosphere instantly froze.

\[H-How dare you...\]

Some people muttered while other constellations became pale. There was a
backlash that didn't occur even when I mentioned the first generation. Perhaps
it was because I broke their taboo.

I felt the gazes pouring towards me and closed my eyes. This wouldn't
dramatically change the situation. However, my story would remain deep in the
mind of the constellations. It was enough for now.

\[...Crazy bastard.\]

By the way, it seemed that the impression I gave them was too deep. The voice
filled with hostility continued.

\[I knew that there were all types of crazy people in the Gourmet Association
but this time it is quite good. Are you in your right mind to say such
words?\]

It was a green doll with a dragon's head. It was the Brash Swamp Predator. A
constellation who was active in the previous scenario. His smile was full of
ridicule as he continued,

\[Then what do you want us to help you with? Let's go together to the end of
the scenario, is that what you want to say?\]

\[That's right. I came here to find constellations who will reach the end of
the scenario with me.\]

My calm declaration caused the countenance of the constellations to change.
Some of them had already joined a nebula. Thus, my words would sound like a
provocation.

\[Nebula? What is the name of the nebula?\]

\[There is no name yet. I haven't formally established it.\]

\[Hmm... how many founding members are there?\]

\[Two.\]

The scorn of the constellations increased. I felt a bit upset but I put up
with it

In any case, this was considered 'courtesy' in the Gourmet Association. I
didn't think any of them would just accept it.

The Morning Star Goddess asked, \[One is you and the other person? Is it a
constellation?\]

\[It isn't a constellation...\]

I hesitated to reveal Yoo Joonghyuk. The Brash Swamp Predator wondered,
\[Perhaps it is that guy?\]

Images were playing from a panel on the screen. It was playing the finals of
the martial arts competition in First Murim.

It is finally the confrontation you are waiting for\!

The camera focused on a man as the moderator spoke.

The disciple of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, Supreme King Yoo
Joonghyuk\!

As expected, Yoo Joonghyuk had safely reached the finals. Then the opponent...?

One of the Murim's 10 Grand Masters, the Ice Flower Goddess, Zhuge Lingling\!

A splendid spotlight shone on Zhuge Lingling, who was dressed in a light
t-shirt and jeans.

The Ice Flower Goddess wasn't an easy opponent. She was one of the
transcendent existences that represented Murim. Originally, Yoo Joonghyuk
wouldn't have been able to compete with her. It depended on how much progress
he made in the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship in the meantime...

\[Cough...\]

My mind became wide awake the moment someone made a sound. I looked around.
Then I gradually became angry.

...Dammit. Someone had uploaded this video. I stared at Anna Croft who was
standing in a corner of the stage. However, based on her expression, it didn't
seem to be her. If so, the video...

\[Huhu... a feast of mortals...\]

The Brash Swamp Predator laughed.

\[Gosh, this is really losing steam. An existence that just reached the
narrative level and a trivial mortal is discussing the 'end of the story'?\]

Several constellations laughed like they had been waiting. It was a laugh that
denied all the words I had spoken. Maybe I expected it to be like this. It
might've been wrong to expect anything from the constellations in the first
place.

\[Hahaha, what is the modifier of this constellation? Was it Demon King of
Bragging?\]

\[Queen of the Underworld\! You brought a very delightful friend\!\]

On the screen, Yoo Joonghyuk was confronting the Ice Flower Goddess. The Brash
Swamp Predator chuckled like he thought it was cute.

\[This scenario seems tough for him, let alone the end of the scenarios.\]

I quietly clenched my fists. I knew the path Yoo Joonghyuk would walk and the
achievement he would make in the future. I knew very well that the hard-
working guy would one day kill every member of this damn Gourmet Association.

Yet in the eyes of the constellations present here, the current Yoo Joonghyuk
was just a trivial mortal.

\[This worked out well. I am bored because the scenario is over. Do you want
to make a bet? Who will win between the two bugs?\]

\[Oh, good, good\!\]

A number of constellations agreed with the proposal of the Brash Swamp
Predator. Then a system message appeared.

\[A new sub-scenario has arrived\!\]

\[The sub scenario  Gourmet Association Betting has begun.\]

Numerous selection windows emerged in front of the constellations.

\[I'll bet 50,000 coins on that female.\]

The moment the Brash Swamp Predator cried out, the other constellations
laughed and bet a few coins. Then the Brash Swamp Predator glanced at me.

\[Newcomer. You should also bet.\]

\[I already did it.\]

\[Who did you bet on?\]

\[100,000 coins to Yoo Joonghyuk.\]

The fact that I bet twice as much as him caused the Brash Swamp Predator's
eyes to widen.

\[Cheeky fellow. You will regret it.\]

He seemed to know how this bet would turn out. In the distance, Anna Croft was
watching me with serene eyes. Yoo Joonghyuk's struggle was entering the mid-
stages on the screen.

\[Hoh, he is fairly decent? Should I make him my incarnation?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk seemed to be pushed at first but his momentum was slowly
becoming stronger. Some of the constellations admired the unexpected flow of
events. Then they shut up as soon as the Brash Swamp Predator glared at them.

As expected from Yoo Joonghyuk. His encounter with the Breaking the Sky Sword
Saint was much earlier than planned and his Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship had
reached higher than the original level.

Inside the stadium, the Breaking the Sky energy exploded and the Ice Flower
Goddess coughed up blood as she rolled through the dust. The situation had
completely tilted to one side. The story flowed to an unexpected place and the
expression of the Brash Swamp Predator changed.

\[...Hmm, it isn't fun like this.\]

The moment I had an ominous feeling, sparks appeared around several members of
the Gourmet Association, including the Brash Swamp Predator. I quickly
realized what they were doing. Their sparks spread to the screen showing the
martial arts competition. To be exact, it was to the Ice Flower Goddess.

Aaaaack\!

The Ice Flower Goddess screamed and this was followed by the host's words.

W-What is this?

Yoo Joonghyuk also seemed surprised. Yoo Joonghyuk's expression stiffened as
the Ice Flower Goddess mutated into a monster. I stared at the Brash Swamp
Predator and spoke in a cold voice, \[Didn't you say this was a bet?\]

The Brash Swamp Predator laughed.

\[I didn't say there could be no interference.\]

Thanks to the probability supplied by many constellations, the body of the Ice
Flower Goddess was covered in green scales.

Both Yoo Joonghyuk and I knew what it meant. It was a constellation's
'advent'. It was the same in Peace Land and Dark Castle. At the time, Yoo
Joonghyuk and I fought together but not anymore.

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint has been activated\!\]

\[You can't connect with the current target.\]

...Damn jerk, what was he doing at a time like this? It was impossible to use
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint because Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't thinking about me
at all.

On the screen, the Ice Flower Goddess who was half a green dragon roared.

The Brash Swamp Predator. The ancient being who was born on the planet
'Selegedon' was a constellation who just reached the narrative-grade like me.
However, the number of stories he accumulated was far beyond me so our
abilities were on a different level.

With one breath, the monster half-destroyed the venue of the martial arts
competition. Maybe he signed a Sponsor Contract with the Ice Flower Goddess
for a short period of time. The low rate of synchronization meant not a lot of
his strength was expressed. Still, it would be nothing to end the competition
since it was strengthened with such a degree of probability.

It would be hard to deal with a narrative-grade constellation who had
accumulated such stories, even if it was Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[You look uneasy. Don't you believe in your colleague?\]

I looked around and saw Persephone smiling as usual.

I didn't believe in him? It was a natural story. I couldn't believe in that
sunfish who often died...

\[I believe in him.\]

Even so, I answered it like this. Persephone's eyes flashed at my natural
answer.

\[In the first place, I came here because I believed in him.\]

I stared at Yoo Joonghyuk on the screen. It didn't matter how many times he
was defeated, broken or felt despair. He was a person who didn't give up until
the end. If I couldn't believe in him, who could I believe in the first place?
Even if this round failed...

This guy would surely see the ending of this world eventually.

I slowly closed my eyes before opening them again.

\[I'll raise my bet. I'll make it one million coins.\]


