### Chapter 357: Ep. 67 - Forgotten People of the Scenario, II

The winter time flowed quickly.

Kim Dokja's Company rapidly cleared up to the 65th scenario and reached the
second Context of the Constellations a week ago. We finally succeeded in
meeting the minimum challenge condition for the 80th scenario.

\[The advertisement payment has arrived from the Mass Production Maker.\]

\[You have received 2,500,000 coins.\]

The nebula's funds accumulated quickly. 2.5 million coins. It seemed that
sales of the X-grade Ferrarigini were booming. Now we had been paid a portion
of the sales revenue and we would continue to receive more income in the
future.

"It's time."

Finally, the day of the scenario arrived. I looked around at the prepared
party members. Lee Hyunsung, Jung Heewon, Lee Jihye, Shin Yoosung and Lee
Gilyoung. In addition, there was Jang Hayoung...

"Dokja-ssi, is it really okay to leave this way?"

Lee Hyunsung spoke in a somewhat uneasy manner. It was understandable. A week
ago, my order was to rest and do nothing until the 80th scenario opened.

"This relaxed discipline doesn't make sense..."

Discipline. It was the words of a true soldier who lost his cartridge and
safety pin.

"No matter what we do, it is impossible to catch up with the top ranking
constellations. The important thing isn't what we do here but what we do in
that place... by the way, I feel like a person is missing."

"Sooyoung-ssi went first. She doesn't listen to orders."

The company didn't have any employees who were good at listening. Well, Han
Sooyoung would surely survive.

I turned my head and saw my mother and the other wanderers watching us from
the front door of the industrial complex.

"Then, we will be going."

"Take care."

I entrusted the security of Seoul to my mother and the wanderer forces. They
were people who didn't feel greedy for the latter scenarios. Rather than
clearing the scenario, they were determined to live in their own way. Lee
Seolhwa and Gong Pildu decided to stay in Seoul to supervise and manage the
incarnations.

"I will leave Seoul to you."

Lee Seolhwa nodded. On the other side of the square, Gong Pildu was surrounded
by incarnations targeting the early stage scenarios and was explaining
something in a brusque manner.

"The important thing is to seize the best position. You have to occupy the
good land before anyone else\! Understood?"

...It should be okay.

I will join later with the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. Go ahead.

I nodded to Kyrgios in the distance and sent a signal into the air. Soon,
there was a low-grade dokkaebi responsible for the scenario transfer.

\[Kim Dokja's Company. Are the preparations finished?\]

"Start transferring us."

The low-grade dokkaebis recited something and we were sucked into the portal
that appeared at our feet. It was a pretty advanced portal which meant I
didn't feel dizzy when the space changed. How much time passed?

\[You have entered the waiting room for the 80th scenario.\]

Rather than the peaceful scenery of Gwanghwamun, a pale marble waiting room
appeared. The waiting room was seething with constellations and incarnations
who had arrived in advance.

\[When will the scenario start?\]

\[Open it quickly\! There is no time\!\]

There were familiar faces among the constellations. One of them was the Brash
Swamp Predator. I thought he was dead because he hadn't been seen since the
start of the Demon King Selection but he was still alive.

Jung Heewon muttered from behind me. "There seem to be many great
constellations."

"Ahjussi, there is Ranveer Khan and Feihu over there\!"

"I can see Papyrus and Tamna."

The members of Kim Dokja's Company stuck to my back like penguins enduring the
cold. They seemed like rural people who just came to Seoul.

Lee Jihye licked his lips and asked, "Ahjussi, what should we do?"

"Smile while you can smile."

In the distance, a few constellations from Olympus waved to this side.
Dionysus and Aphrodite. They probably didn't come to perform again this time.
After that, several constellations from Vedas were soon, including the Supreme
God of Light Surya. Maybe Anna Croft and Yoo Joonghyuk would also be mixed in
among them.

\[The demon king 'Duke of Everywhere' is staring at you.\]

\[The demon king 'Eyes that See the Forbidden' is checking you.\]

As expected, these guys were here as well.

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' yawns as if bored.\]

\[The constellation 'Saviour of Corruption' is revealing a ferocious spirit
towards you.\]

The archangels of Eden as well. The scale of the 80th scenario was truly
different. We had to now compete with these terrible narrative-grade
constellations.

In the center of the square, a dokkaebi emerged. It was Bihyung.

\[Everyone is gathered. I am Dokkaebi Bihyung and I'm in charge of this
scenario.\]

Generall, this scenario was hosted by a great dokkaebi. It seemed that
Bihyung's status in the bureau had increased considerably.

\[Originally, the stage of the Great War of Saints and Demons was scheduled
for another place. Then Reincarnation Island was selected as a scenario area
for special reasons. Well, don't we all have to do what our bosses want?\]

Several of the constellations burst out laughing. This was the humour of the
Star Stream or the bureau. That Bihyung jerk, he was in a form that wasn't
scary.

\[Some constellations might be unfamiliar with this stage. It is a very old
place and it is rarely used anymore. It has been lost in the flow of the
time...\]

Along with Bihyung's words, images started to flow on the screens in the sky.
The stage of the upcoming scenario was Reincarnation Island.

\[We came here to participate in the Great War of Saints and Demons. I don't
care about the stage\!\]

\[Don't expect much. This is a world with a bunch of sword masters and 9th
circle magicians.\]

The constellations spoke sarcastically like they had already experienced the
scenario.

Then Bihyung said, \[Sword master... this time, you can leave those worries
behind. It is because this world view is special.\]

Bihyung's words caused a fuss among the constellations but he continued
speaking.

\[In the days when the island opened, there were no concepts like sword
master, 9th circle magician or even magic circles. This is an old island.\]

Many constellations listened to Bihyung's words. Those paying special
attention were members of the Gourmet Association. Perhaps they knew some
information about this island.

\[Well, you'll know once you personally experience it. I'll start with the
explanation necessary for the scenario. Before entering the main island that
is the stage for the Great War of Saints and Demons, you will experience the
tutorial area first.\]

Soon a map of the island appeared. There was a large island floating in the
middle of the universe, with numerous small islands surrounding it.

Bihyung pointed to the outermost islands. \[You will start at the island's
edge, the small islands. Through this tutorial, you will learn how to adapt to
the island. Then you will be given a scenario where you will advance to the
main island, the main stage of the Great War of Saints and Demons.\]

Based on the explanation, it was an existing rule of Reincarnation Island. It
was a welcome thing for me. Of course, it wasn't the same for other
constellations.

\[Tutorial? We are constellations. Are you joking right now?\]

\[No, of course, you don't necessarily have to perform the tutorial. There are
many ways to go straight to the main island. Therefore, don't be too angry.\]

Dokkaebis usually speaking like this meant that if they didn't proceed with
the tutorial, the scenario would be like hell. In fact, if they knew what
would happen on these islands, perhaps half the constellations here would
withdraw their application.

Bihyung noticed my gaze and winked at me. \[Originally, scenarios should start
without any explanation and mine has been going on for too long. Please pick a
small island to start at. If you want to start on the same island, you can
choose the same island.\]

Bihyung concluded his explanation and the constellations started to pick their
place of departure.

My party members picked the same island. There was no need to split apart when
we could go together.

Some constellations noticed and choose the island that I chose. They were
going to come out like this from the beginning.

I looked around at the party members. "Do you remember what I said yesterday?"

Jung Heewon replied. "Once the scenario starts, we have to run to the middle
of the island."

"Yes. Don't think about fighting with other people and run straight to the
middle of the island."

This scenario was completely different from all the other scenarios we
experienced. It might be the tutorial but there was a chance the party members
might not survive. I knew from reading Ways of Survival so none of the party
members questioned my suggestion. I somehow felt bitter.

The constellations were ready and Bihyung's words were heard. \[Let's start
the scenario transfer\!\]

I held Unbroken Faith in my hands. Every minute in this scenario was
important, including the time it took to draw the sword.

"Everyone, let's meet in the village."

At the same time, my party members and I turned into a group of lights.

\[A new main scenario has arrived\!\]

\[Main Scenario \#80 - Reincarnation Island has begun.\]

The message was heard and the darkness became brightly lit. The smell of grass
entered my nose. I was thrown into the forest area of the island. I didn't see
any of the party members around. They had probably been transferred to other
places on the island.

\[You are currently in the expedition area of Island 531. Find a village with
guides.\]

\[Hidden scenario - Survival Game has begun\!\]

At almost the same time, the messages of the dokkaebis poured from the sky.

\[It won't be fun like this, right? The taste of survival is a good start.
Constellations, please feel like you have returned to the past through a
fierce competition for survival\!\]

\[Hidden Scenario - Survival Game\]

Category: Hidden

Difficulty level: SSS

Clear Conditions: Enter the island's village or kill your competitors who
entered together with you.

Time Limit: 24 hours.

Compensation: 50,000 coins, clear the tutorial area.

Failure: Death

I thought it would be like this. The dokkaebis who chose this island as the
stage couldn't afford to let go.

At almost the same time, I felt an ominous presence around me. It was to late
to hide my figure.

\[The demon king 'Magic Peacock of Geometry' is showing hostility towards
you.\]

There was a presence in the bushes. It was one of the demon kings who followed
me. The demon king of the 65th Demon Realm, Andrealphus.

\[Demon King of Salvation. You defeated Demon King Amdusias?\]

Dark blue demonic energy was burning from the hands of the colourful feathered
person. Andrealphus was a demon king known for having learnt all types of
magic.

\[Don't be arrogant like a stud horse.\]

The peacock-like person spat words out of his beak and ran towards me while
chanting a spell. Perhaps he set me as the first hunting game.

I also ran towards him.

Andrealphus muttered, \[Your footwork is terrible and your skills are absurd.
It is the level of a normal human. You managed to beat Amdusias with only
this?\]

I ignored him and ran hard. It was much slower than usual because I wasn't
using Way of the Wind.

Andrealphus mockingly declared,

\[Die.\]

The magic he cast was the 9th circle Hellfire. It was literally borrowing the
flames of hell and I wouldn't be able to endure a direct hit.

However, something strange happened the moment he cast a spell. The hellfire,
which should've burnt the whole forest, only made small sparks before turning
off.

\[This island's probability doesn't allow the spell 'Hellfire'.\]

The confused Andrealphus stared at me. I was now right before his nose.

"This island has no sword masters or 9th circle magicians."

The astonished eyes of Andrealphus grew bigger.

"Then is Hellfire possible?"

It was unbelievable but this was the law of the island. It was the place where
the most powerful probability of the Star Stream dominated.

\[There is the powerful effect of probability on this island\!\]

\[The Attributes Window isn't available on this island and the overall stats
will be reset.\]

The system wasn't available on this island.

\[The usage of most 'skills' created after the first generation is limited on
this island.\]

\[On this island, the proficiency of stigmas and stories are reset.\]

All the fighting skills obtained were useless. Andrealphus, who was belatedly
trying to cast a defense skill, got a stiff face.

I ignorantly swung my sword without any skills. The blow, which contained no
skill, pieced the heart of demon king Andrealphus.

Unbroken Faith was a few times heavier than normal. My hand holding the sword
trembled. The benefits of my overall stats had disappeared.

In the forest, the hot sun was burning my skin. I pulled my sword out of the
demon king's dead incarnation body while sweating. It was hard to even hold
the sword thanks to my poor muscles.

"This is why I don't like the old stories."

This world had no sword masters, no SSS-grade hunters, no systems and no
Attributes Window.

\[The old stories are responding to your gaze.\]

Reincarnation Island. This was the tomb of the 'first generation stories' that
died out in the Star Stream.


