### Chapter 167: Ep. 32 - Kim Dokja's Love, VI

The air burst like a fighter jet had passed by. The places hit by the golden
energy cracked apart. The monsters caught in the crack were torn apart without
even being able to scream. The golden light blew away 4th and 5th grade
species.

Breaking the Sky Sword. This was the road of the sword that broke the sky.

Even the 3rd grade monsters, which could easily destroy the area in 10
minutes, screamed because they couldn't resist this sword.

How long had Yoo Joonghyuk practiced this sword? 10 years? 20 years? If he
combined the training in the time dark dimension, it would be well over 100
years. Thanks to all these years, Yoo Joonghyuk was able to reach the peak of
humanity.

'My physical limits is still low but I can barely do it'.

Yoo Joonghyuk controlled his overloaded body and constantly swung his sword.
This transcendent power couldn't last long, no matter how strong he was. His
level was also far less than his teacher, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

Nevertheless, his attacks were far beyond the general 'skills' category. The
monsters exploded like firecrackers and Reinheit was amazed.

\[The rumours of transcendence aren't false. But how can a human who isn't a
returnee...?\]

Reinheit didn't finish his words. The place where he had just been located was
torn apart from the ether blades of Yoo Joonghyuk's Splitting the Sky Sword.

It was a truly formidable destructive power. This was the power of the
Breaking the Sky Energy.

"Be careful\! People are getting caught up in it\!" Yoo Sangah shouted at Yoo
Joonghyuk but he ignored her.

In the first place, he was good at destroying things, not saving things.

"This is the master of a legendary-grade story. It isn't easy to defeat him.
In Paradise, his strength is equivalent to a 2nd grade monster.

In fact, Reinheit's Perpetual Motion showed no signs of receding despite the
damage. Rather, the branches were angry and absorbed more of the humans around
them.

"Aaaaack\!"

The rate at which the Perpetual Motion grew was faster than the rate at which
humans were rescued. In addition, there were still a lot of monsters.

Yoo Sangah opened her mouth as she used Hermes Walking Method and Theseus'
Resolution to kill the surrounding beasts. "It doesn't end. Where have they
been hiding these monsters?"

"The monsters are the exports of Paradise."

"Exports?"

Yoo Joonghyuk looked up at the air for a short moment. The dokkaebis who said
they wouldn't interfere were gathering, as if it was a fun sight.

\[Huh... this is difficult.\]

\[It looks like a new farm is needed.\]

Yoo Sangah didn't immediately understand what they meant. In the midst of the
surging beasts, she could see monsters that were familiar from previous
scenarios.

9th grade ground rats, 8th grade grolls...

"The monsters used in the scenario. Have you ever wondered where they came
from?" Yoo Joonghyuk asked her.

"They came from another world..."

"There is a limit using that method. The dokkaebis are busy and don't have
time for inefficient work."

Yoo Sangah stared blankly at Yoo Joonghyuk, the dokkaebis and the monsters of
Paradise. She was frozen and it was Jung Heewon, using Hell Flames Ignition by
her side, who reacted first.

"Saying this now..."

Yoo Joonghyuk nodded. "Paradise is the source of the monsters of Star Stream.
To be precise, it is one of them."

In Jung Heewon's mind, some things that hadn't been understood finally fit
together. The second floor of Dark Castle. The reason why the dokkaebis, who
were involved in everything, didn't interfere for the first time. If she
thought about it, there was a reason for everything.

\[Dokkaebis\! A new Paradise can be created\!\]

In the distance, the upper half of the restored Reinheit grew on the Perpetual
Motion again.

\[There might be a fairly low volume for a while but the restoration will soon
be completed\! Please don't cancel the contract\!\]

The despair and desperation inside him was something that couldn't be shared.
This was a world that sacrificed the incarnations to protect the incarnations.

Reinheit was devoted to his beliefs, even if those beliefs made him a monster.
The incarnations belatedly discovered the dokkaebis floating in the air and
shouted.

"Dokkaebi\! Dokkaebi\!"

"Uhh, has the scenario started?"

"Why? Why do this? We didn't anything wrong\!"

The dokkaebis just laughed.

\[Why? You did nothing wrong.\]

\[This wasn't what we intended.\] Hahaha\!\]

Jung Heewon bit her lips at the sight. She didn't want to see anymore.

"Is there no way?"

Of course, there was a way. If he used Giant Body Transformation and then
transcendence, he would be able to press Reinheit with his strength.

'However, the consumption is too big. All of Paradise will fly away'.

The regressor Yoo Joonghyuk didn't favour such inefficient fighting.

"If we want to kill him, we have to get rid of the roots of the Perpetual
Motion."

The core power source of the Perpetual Motion lay in the roots.

If the roots were removed, he could overpower the Perpetual Motion. The
problem was the monster in the 'roots'. It was a mighty monster that even
Reinheit couldn't control.

'Even if I had the sixth ranked demon, Sephirots...'

If he had Sephirots as a colleague as he planned then it would've been much
easier to hit Paradise. However, Sephirots was already dead when he went to
pick Sephirots up.

'There is a person hunting rankers as fast as me'.

The first one he thought of was Kim Dokja, but there was no guarantee that it
was Kim Dokja. There were too many variables in this regression.

"We can't enter underground. What should we do?"

"There is no need to enter. I've already entrusted it to someone."

Jung Heewon's eyes instantly widened. "You, don't tell me...\!"

She noticed exactly who wasn't present right now. However, Yoo Joonghyuk spoke
before she could. "Kim Dokja didn't leave all of you behind for no reason."

Perhaps he was able to think of it because he was a regressor. He was always
one-sidedly read by Kim Dokja but this time he was about to read Kim Dokja's
thoughts.

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name is smiling.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk sensed the gaze and his expression distorted.

  

* * *

  

In the midst of the swarming monsters, Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung lay
curled up against each other. The concentration of monsters was so high that
the children's small bodies couldn't be found.

In a moment of crisis, they helpfully tamed some 8th grade monsters, the giant
wasps. The wasps danced around Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung, distracting the
beasts' eyes. However, there was a limit to the wasp's dance.

The two children's eyes met.

'What should we do?'

'I don't know'.

Beast Master Shin Yoosung and Insect Master Lee Gilyoung. The two of them were
currently the most powerful tamers in Seoul.

However, even they couldn't tame all these monsters. Their brains would
explode and they would die. In fact, the limit they were capable of with
Taming was a 4th grade species. The 3rd grade species was also possible if
they overdid it, but only for a moment.

'...Am I going to die like this?'

The more powerful monsters trampled on the surrounding monsters and the
ecology of the whole area gradually calmed down.

The devil wolves and dark splinters bared their fangs and sniffed around. The
frightened wasps danced harder but discovery was only a matter of time.

There was also another threat besides the monsters. The branches of the
Perpetual Motion moved through the monsters and rushed towards the children.

Lee Gilyoung embraced Shin Yoosung and it seemed like the branches were going
to pierce the two children.

At this moment, the branches stopped due to a powerful energy that was fired
from somewhere. The branches seemed panicked and finally turned away from the
children. Shin Yoosung turned in the direction of the energy that stopped the
branches.

'What is that?'

There was a monster who saw through the wasps' dance and was staring this way.

At first, Shin Yoosung didn't think 'it' was a monster. It was too big to
fathom as a living creature. Its body occupied exactly one third of this
cavern. Yellow eyes blinked in the darkness and all the hairs on Shin
Yoosung's body rose.

This wasn't a 'monster'. She couldn't think of it using this term. It was an
existence that overwhelmed all monsters.

All the noise in the area quieted down. Everything was bowing in awe before
the monster. The being with such a ridiculous presence was looking this way
with interested eyes.

'Who are you?'

It seemed to be asking. Shin Yoosung wasn't willing to answer the question.
Looking back, Lee Gilyoung was in a similar state to her.

Shin Yoosung raised her courage first. "...Hey."

Lee Gilyoung shook his head with fright. "It is impossible. We can't do it."

Those who raised Diverse Communication to the limit could understand each
other's intentions without saying anything.

"In any case, we will die if this continues."

Shin Yoosung carefully got up and staggered towards the monster. The monsters
around her were snarling wildly but the child didn't care. At this moment,
Shin Yoosung realized her usefulness.

'This is why ahjussi left me here'.

Only she could do this.

"Damn." Lee Gilyoung cursed and followed behind her.

As soon as they approached, the presence of the huge monster became much
stronger than before. Shin Yoosung felt like her skin was being peeled off in
front of this monster's gaze.

\[The exclusive skill 'Advanced Diverse Communication Lv. 5' has been
activated\!\]

The transparent aura shot towards the monster in an instant. Diverse
Communication. It was a skill made to understand different species.

The moment that the aura touched the monster, Shin Yoosung felt an
overwhelming flood of memories.

'Ah, ahh...'

The terrible memories of the monster flowed into her head. An existence who
fell to the bottom of this miserable Paradise and grew up eating other
monsters. Eat, eat, despair and scream. A monster who walked through a hell
that couldn't be described using human language.

The blood vessels couldn't cope with the excessive blood flow and burst. Blood
flowed from Shin Yoosung's nose and mouth. She shed tears of blood.

Lee Gilyoung tried to control Shin Yoosung but the situation was already
getting out of control.

In the end, Lee Gilyoung also triggered Diverse Communication.

The two children, who had always been fighting, joined hands at this moment.
Lee Gilyoung's power was added and the channel of understanding widened.

However, it was still an arduous opponent. Soon, blood poured from Lee
Gilyoung's nose.

"U... Uwaaaack\!"

Shin Yoosung understood the suffering of the strange beast and wanted to give
up everything for the first time. There was the sound of a vessel being broken
as Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung's spirits collapsed little by little.

It was the cost of trying to tame an ego they couldn't cope with, an opponent
they couldn't touch.

At this moment, Shin Yoosung felt eyes on her back. It was as if someone was
looking at her. A being that wasn't pushed at all by the monster's presence
was watching her.

\[The constellation who doesn't yet have a name is looking at you.\]


