### Chapter 272: Ep. 51 - Giant Story, I

Archangel Uriel had appeared in the 73rd Demon Realm. In the latter half of
the original novel, Uriel had descended directly in an incarnation body.
However, now it was only the 25th scenario.

The confused mutters of the demon kings and constellations could be heard.

\[W-What ridiculous...\]

The transparent shape of Uriel appeared behind Jung Heewon, who had closed her
eyes. Along with a splendid aura, Uriel's long golden hair waved in the air.

The balance of probability was leaning again. The completely out of
equilibrium balance was gradually being restored with the appearance of Uriel.
No, now it felt like this side was becoming heavier.

The even more surprising thing wasn't Uriel's power. All fights on the
battlefield ceased. Surya watched with tense eyes while all the fighting
constellations stopped. The descent of an archangel was also a tremendous
event for the constellations.

The first one to speak with a demon king with an owl's face who was holding a
burning sword. \[Archangel\! You dare... you dare appear here?\]

I knew who he was. Maker of Discord. The demon king of the 63rd Demon Realm,
Andras. He had cursed Han Sooyoung who once killed his subordinate.

Then the demon king beside him also opened his mouth. \[D-D-Do you want to be
a corpse, archangel?\]

A skeleton wearing a crown and green armor. The Monarch who is a Philosopher
about Corpses. He was the demon king of the 54th Demon realm, Murmur.

They might be lower ranked demon kings but they were both stronger than me.
Even so, there was a strange feeling in the expressions of these two strong
existences. It was fear.

After her descent, Uriel slowly opened her eyes. Her stunning emerald eyes
took in the world and the colour of the world changed. I felt like my heart
was frozen despite not even making eye contact with her.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at the 73rd Demon
Realm.\]

The archangel's gaze implied 'destruction'. It was a gaze that looked at the
last mountain of the world for the sake of purifying the world. The 73rd Demon
Realm trembled at her gaze.

\[. Hasn't it been a while?\]

The two demon kings took a few steps back. Jung Heewon's mouth curved subtly.

\[You... didn't I previously tell you not to carry that blade before me? I'm
annoyed because of the overlapping characteristics.\]

At the words, Andras slightly lowered the burning sword. Andras' owl eyes
blinked rapidly and Murmur's skeletal jaw shook violently. It was Murmur who
stepped forward first.

\[Foolish archangel\! Do you know what your action means? Or... has Eden decided
to intervene in the selection...\]

\[. I came on my own.\]

I was reminded of Uriel's setting. I had forgotten due to Uriel's kindness
towards me but she was one of the most fearsome archangels of Eden.

The Demon-like Judge of Fire. She was crueler than any archangel and
slaughtered the most demons. She raised her hand towards the air and a white
flame sword appeared. In front of her sword, all flames extinguished like a
tribute.

It was the sword containing the flames of hell. This was Uriel's star relic.
The moment she pulled out her sword, the demon kings made an urgent
expression.

\[Did you forget the agreement?\]

\[Eat .   like you.\]

\[What?\]

\[Ah,  hit. The  filtering...\]

The archangels of Eden had their own filtering in order to preserve the
dignity of their nebula. Then Uriel glanced at me.

\[Kim Dokja?\]

Did I look too nervous? Uriel smiled awkwardly at me.

\[...Ah, hello?\]

It was an embarrassing and awkward greeting compared to her former appearance.

\[Many constellations are speechless.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is pointing out that it
doesn't match.\]

The demon kings, who had just been threatened, watched with an absurd
expression. I regained my senses and bowed. "It has been a while, Uriel."

\[Yes\!\]

Uriel laughed.

\[You are loved by an archangel\!\]

\[You have acquired a new story\!\]

\[The story 'Person Who is Loved by an Archangel' has been acquired\!\]

Maybe she thought I was afraid and bombarded me with indirect messages filled
with caring. Frankly, I was a bit impressed. There were a few constellations
who favoured me so far. Even so, there was no one who helped me as much as
Uriel.

I didn't do anything for her. I was always the one on the receiving end. Even
so, Uriel came here today for me.

Uriel raised Jung Heewon's arms and exclaimed triumphantly. \[Don't worry Kim
Dokja\! I'll kill them all for you\!\]

I knew this was a performance. This was the Demon Realm. It was obvious that
something would happen if an archangel exerted their power here. Nevertheless,
for Uriel to say so...

"...Uriel?"

Kwaaaaaaah\!

"Wait a minute\! Uriel\!"

Hell flames rose from Uriel's sword and continuously soared towards the sky.
This was the true Hell Flames Ignition. It was the real power of Uriel that
could turn the world into a sea of flames with one blow.

\[T-The archangel is crazy\! Run away\!\]

\[Completely crazy\!\]

The freaked out constellations started to flee. I didn't think Uriel would
exert her real power. The hiding Dokgak finally appeared.

\[W-Wait a minute. Archangel, please calm down\!\]

His cunning face was flushed. The scenario was delayed until the announcement
of the winner and now...

Uriel spoke like she had read my mind.

\[.\]

\[Y-Yes?\]

\[Scenario \! Dokkaebi ck,  guys.\]

Uriel had a really angry expression. The sky of the Demon Realm was howling
from her rage. The moment that the archangel's sword was going to touch the
ground.

\[The demon king 'Immeasurable Austerity' is furious.\]

The black magic power in the sky was raging wildly.

\[The demon king 'Ruler of the East Hell' is staring at the archangel.\]

\[The demon king 'Devil of Principles' is raising his status.\]

\[The demon king 'Black Mane Lion' is heading towards Eden.\]

The fearsome and highly ranked demon kings appeared one by one in the channel.
Dammit, there was going to be a war in the Demon Realm. However, the demon
kings weren't the only ones who appeared.

\[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' has entered the channel.\]

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' has entered the channel.\]

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' has entered the channel.\]

The highest level constellations who could make everyone nervous just by
appearing. The major constellations of Eden entered the channel and the volume
of the channel grew drastically. Biyoo trembled like it was painful.

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is watching the 'Demon-like Judge of
Fire' with severe eyes.\]

Uriel's sword trembled. It felt like time had frozen. All the demon kings and
archangels were concentrating on Uriel's sword. The future of the Demon Realm
and Eden depended on the direction of this sword.

\[The demon kings of the Demon Realm and the archangels of Eden have opened an
emergency meeting.\]

\[All this time, all demon kings and archangels in the scenario will be
urgently summoned.\]

There was the sound of a great probability moving and Uriel's sword
disappeared in the air.

Jung Heewon's body shook as the energy of the archangel left the Demon Realm.
Uriel glanced at me with a light smile.

\[I wanted to help you until the end.\]

In hindsight, I realized Uriel's intentions.

\[T-This\! This can't be\!\]

It wasn't just Uriel who disappeared. The demon kings who descended slowly
disappeared in the sparks of probability. Uriel sacrificed herself to tie up
the hands and feet of all the demon kings here.

\[...It is amazing.\] Cheok Jungyeong muttered to himself with admiration. \[A
majestic archangel making such a great sacrifice for you...\]

I could easily predict the great punishment Uriel would face. An archangel who
broke the convention of the Good-Evil War with her own will. She would
probably receive harsh sanctions from Eden.

\[Please win, Kim Dokja.\]

I reached out to the disappearing Uriel but she had already scattered into
ashes. I quickly embraced the fallen Jung Heewon. Jung Heewon had just taken
on Uriel's status and fell asleep with an exhausted face.

I raised my head as I felt pressure from the sky and saw Surya watching
everything.

\[My judgment was wrong. I didn't think you were a constellation who could
call an archangel here.\]

Thanks to Uriel, there was no need to worry about the participation of the
demon kings. However, there was something worse.

A more serious light appeared in the eyes of the silent Surya. The same was
true for King Oedipus and Manu who were guarding the left and right of Surya.

\[From now on, I will be sincere.\]

Surya's new energy shot through the sky. The surrounding air changed and a
huge wind pressure hit the area. After a while...

"W-What is that?"

My party members approached me one by one. The first one to speak was the
weary Jang Hayoung. "When will this hell end... what the hell is that?"

Beyond the radiant sun, something was flying through the distant universe.
Something was ripping through the air. It was like the sound of meteorites
colliding.

I looked closely and a huge carriage was flying towards this place. Whenever
the gigantic golden mare accelerated, the entire Demon Realm shook like it was
going to burst.

"...A carriage?"

Could this thing be called a carriage? No, should it be called a locomotive?
No words fit. The only thing certain was that the object that was a size that
couldn't be understood with common sense was heading towards this direction.
It would be a disaster for this world.

Yoo Sangah opened her mouth. "Surya's chariot. According to legend, it is over
130,000 kilometers in length..."

"130,000? Does that make sense?"

Jang Hayoung asked and Yoo Sangah shook her head. "...That's why it's a myth."

The Indian myths claimed that giant turtles and elephants held up the earth.
Thus, it wasn't strange if a locomotive of such a huge scale appeared. The
problem was that we had to deal with that disaster.

\[You have watched a part of the giant story, Vedas.\]

\[Your story comprehension has increased.\]

...Was this the 'sincerity' mentioned by Surya? I admired the 'status' that
caused chills to go through my body. I felt overwhelming despair just because
it approached this side. I had only watched 'some' of it but this strength was
different from an ordinary 'story'. It was the reason why I had to get a giant
story.

\[Shit, run\!\]

Some constellations were already hiding from the rushing carriage. There were
no constellations who would be safe after being hit by it.

Cheok Jungyeong muttered, \[Things are really difficult. He seems to truly
want to destroy this world.\]

"...Are you scared?"

\[No, it's interesting.\]

Cheok Jungyeong laughed like he was truly having fun. The moment I tried to
say something to my party members, someone stood beside me. It wasn't Cheok
Jungyeong or a constellation.

"...You woke up?"

I looked over and saw Yoo Joonghyuk standing up with the Black Heavenly Demon
Sword.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used Recovery Lv. 10\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's body had finally healed to the point where he could use
Recovery. The last of Yoo Joonghyuk's vitality was burning on the dark sword.
The mouth and vocal cords were still slow to recover so Yoo Joonghyuk didn't
speak. Instead, I heard Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts through Omniscient Reader's
Viewpoint.

 Kim Dokja. 

"Yes."

Perhaps this would be the last fight in the Demon Realm.

\[The 73rd Demon Realm is focused on your choice.\]

This time, I couldn't guarantee anything. Someone here could die. Maybe Yoo
Joonghyuk and I would die. Nevertheless, I declared, "Let's go."

Yoo Sangah and Lee Hyunsung nodded while Shin Yoosung climbed onto the chimera
dragon. Lee Jihye looked at the sky from the moat and also nodded.

There were no longer any constellations to help us. Now there were only humans
here. This didn't mean it was a fight with no chance of winning. It was
because I had already bought enough time thanks to Uriel.

\[The 73rd Demon Realm is responding to your choice.\]

Perhaps it was a mistake for Surya to show his sincerity. In the face of the
coming calamity, we wouldn't be the only ones who would come to an end. Just
like First Murim in the Destruction Scenario, the 73rd Demon Realm approached
the time of choice.

\[Giant Story of the 73rd Demon Realm is germinating.\]

There was no world that wanted its master to be the one that destroyed itself.

\[The 73rd Demon Realm has chosen its master.\]

The perplexed dokkaebis and constellations let out exclamations at this
message. However, I didn't hear any of them. It was because now I wasn't
listening to the story, I was talking to the story.

\[Your 'giant story' has started talking.\]


