### Chapter 339: Ep. 63 - End of the Myth, VI

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used Breaking the Sky Force Punch Lv.
???\!\]

\[The skill level of this person can't be converted to a numerical value\!\]

\[The skill is strengthened abnormally due to the power of the story\!\]

Theseus' right arm was destroyed by Yoo Joonghyuk's Breaking the Sky Force
Punch and floated in the water. Theseus watched this with a blank expression.

I felt sorry for him who didn't do anything wrong. However, as long as
Poseidon had descended into Theseus' body, getting rid of Theseus was the only
way to expel the myth-grade constellation from the scenario.

The next moment, sparks appeared around Yoo Joonghyuk's entire body.

\[Some dokkaebis are doubting the probability of the story\!\]

\[The incarnation body of the character can't bear the skill\!\]

...As expected, he might have the talent of the 362nd round Yoo Joonghyuk but
this was the body of the 3rd round. It was insufficient to break Poseidon's
barrier and destroy Theseus' flesh.

\[The power of the item 'King Lycomedes' Leather Gloves' is triggered\!\]

There was an item that would bridge this gap. It was the very item I had
purchased from Anna Croft.

\[Stage Transformation is triggered by the effect of King Lycomedes' Leather
Gloves\!\]

King Lycomedes was a figure known as the murderer of Theseus in mythology.
Theseus' complexion changed. Nevertheless, Theseus stepped forward instead of
retreating. He unfolded his arms as if begging to be killed.

\[...Theseus\!\]

The moment Poseidon's wrathful true voice was heard, Yoo Joonghyuk's Breaking
the Sky Force Punch struck again.

\[The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' is grieving.\]

I saw Theseus looking down at his heart and then looking at Yoo Joonghyuk, or
perhaps me. In the last moment, there was a relieved smile on Theseus' face.

\[The incarnation body of the constellation 'Hero of the Labyrinth' has
completely disappeared.\]

It was just the death of the incarnation body and he wouldn't disappear
completely. Still, Theseus would be so damaged that he couldn't do any
scenario activities for the time being. Theseus threw his body to complete
this scenario, despite knowing all of that.

\[Olympus' leaders have all died\!\]

\[The scenario clear conditions have been met.\]

\[Calculating the contribution of individual incarnations and
constellations\!\]

.

.

\[1st person protagonist's point of view has been released.\]

I coughed up blood as I returned to my body again.

Inside the broken Pluto, Kim Namwoon's voice was heard. \[The calling has
stopped... grasshopper. Bye...\]

Pluto's summoning time ended and he was returned to the Underworld. At the
same time, a massive storm of water swept over the area where Theseus'
incarnation body had died.

Poseidon who had descended in Theseus' body was running wild. In the midst of
the spraying water, the incarnations struggled for breath. A portion of
Poseidon's status was pouring towards the defenseless Yoo Joonghyuk.

It wasn't an attack that could be avoided by Yoo Joonghyuk, who was seriously
damaged and turned to rags thanks to the talent of the 362nd round.

I shouted, \[Hades\!\]

\[I understand.\]

Hades appeared in the air with Kynee, holding Yoo Joonghyuk in his arms.
Poseidon's spear only crashed into the depths of the deep sea.

This wasn't the end. Cracks spread rapidly around the area where Triaina was
stabbed. The cracks started to suck up everything around it like a vacuum
cleaner.

Unfortunately, I was also included in the things to be cleaned. My damaged
incarnation body didn't have the strength to resist this suction. I stretched
out my hand as I was being swept away by the torrents. However, there was no
one to grab my hand.

...That's what I thought.

 Dokja-ssi\! 

 You idiot\! 

Hair scattered beautifully in the water. Lee Seolhwa swam like a mermaid and
grabbed my left arm while Han Sooyoung followed her and grabbed my right arm.
The two people stopped my bleeding with Hit a Pressure Point and pulled me up
with all their strength.

I saw Han Sooyoung swimming desperately in order to get away from the crack in
the deep sea.

Shortly thereafter, we emerged safely from the water.

"Haaap\!"

"Kim Dokja, you crazy guy\!"

\[The main scenario will close soon\!\]

Rather than replying to Han Sooyoung, I watched the currents. If my prediction
was correct, Poseidon lost his incarnation body and would be forced to return.

\[The constellation 'Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the Sea' is
roaring\!\]

However, the situation went differently than expected. Poseidon's power was
becoming stronger instead of weakening.

"...Ahjussi?"

It seemed that the party members perceived something was wrong.

\[The bureau is urging the 'Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the Sea' to
withdraw\!\]

Poseidon didn't disappear despite the bureau's recommendation. The situation
was obvious. In a scenario that already ended, there were no justifications
for his actions.

\[The bureau is preparing sanctions for the 'Spear that Draws the Boundaries
of the Sea' to withdraw\!\]

Fortunately, the bureau seemed to be doing its job properly. I watched the
boiling and seething sea. The question was what Poseidon would do until the
sanctions were imposed...

A little further away, Hades and Persephone were watching this side.

\[Many constellations are condemning 'Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the
Sea'\!\]

\[Shutup\!\]

My mind seemed to go blank from the true voice. In the distance, a tsunami was
approaching. It was a wave hundreds of meters high.

"Crazy\! What is that?"

"Poseidon is crazy\!"

The incarnations belatedly tried to flee but it was too late. Some of them,
including the giants, were swept away by the first wave. It was a giant wave
of water that no one could resist.

I looked at Hades but Hades didn't move. The reason he didn't come forward was
obvious. Hades had exactly the same idea as me.

We simultaneously looked up at the sky.

 No matter how disinterested you are in Olympus, you can't just watch this
time. 

\[The bureau is giving probability to someone.\]

The next moment, the colour of the sky changed. A light that seemed to
paralyze sight and hearing filled the sky. The light seemed to make the world
disappear. It was a little while later that I realized it was a very large
lightning bolt.

The lightning tore through the waves. It was strong enough to split the sea
into two and burn the ground of the deep sea. I heard Poseidon's last roar
before he disappeared.

\[The constellation 'Spear that Draws the Boundaries of the Sea' has exited
the scenario.\]

It was an incredible sight. Nevertheless, it really happened.

\[The constellation 'Lightning Throne' is looking down at Olympus.\]

No matter how many of the 12 Gods there were, they didn't dare to face him.
The moment the indirect message came up, all the gods of Olympus froze in
place. It was the same for the insolent Dionysus and the virtuous Athena and
Artemis. The gaze of the sky slowly turned to the king of the Underworld.

 The underground and sky faced each other. 

As if this conversation was enough, Hades wore Kynee and disappeared from the
scenario.

\[The constellation 'Father of the Rich Night' has exited the scenario.\]

Persephone disappeared while winking at me.

\[We'll meet again soon, our cute son.\]

Two of the three chief gods had disappeared but the tension wasn't diminished.
There was the sound of the world moving as the scales of probability once
again tilted.

It was clear who the bureau had given probability to. King of Olympus, Zeus.
The only one in Olympus who had reached the 'last scenario'. No constellation
other than Zeus could eject Poseidon and cause this reaction in the
constellations.

In fact, Biyoo's channel had a festive atmosphere.

\[The dokkaebi of the bureau has recalled the probability given to the
Lightning Throne.\]

\[The bureau is recommending for the Lightning Throne to withdraw.\]

A festival was called a festival because it was short.

If Zeus stayed in the sub scenario for a long time, he would harm the balance
of the Star Stream. It might bring about a disaster like Indescribable
Distance last time. Even so, Zeus was arrogant.

\[Don't rush me. I didn't come at your request. I came to see my seeds.\]

The sky of Olympus looked down at the 12 Gods. The 12 Gods who came here were
tense in front of Zeus' gaze.

\[Yet they are still... only garbage.\]

At Zeus' words, the 12 Gods sat down like they had received a great shock.
Dionysus' shoulders were trembling. He was a narrative-grade constellation but
Dionysus couldn't resist at all.

Some stories were like this. They accumulated for a long time and couldn't
resist ending.

The clouds in the sky were lifted and Zeus' status became blurred. Like a
farmer turning his back to barren ground, Zeus was leaving the scenario.

Some of the 12 Gods muttered, \[Even his children...\]

At this moment, a small stone flew towards the sky. It was the stone I threw.
The stone in the air was destroyed by the sparks of probability.

\[The constellation 'Lightning Throne' is looking at you.\]

I felt a powerful status surrounding my body but I just glared at the sky. In
any case, the probability allowed to Zeus was over.

\[The constellation 'Lightning Throne' has exited the scenario.\]

I looked back at the 12 Gods. "Why are you just listening to his words?"

\[You...\]

The moment Dionysus was going to spear, a message poured from the sky. No, it
wasn't a message.

Dionysus, the 12 Gods and even me. We looked up at the sky where Zeus had
disappeared.

White snow was falling like stars. The snow was irrelevant to Zeus, who ruled
the sky. It was the power of a constellation who existed perhaps even longer
than Zeus. It was the existence of light who ruled the first sky before
Olympus was made.

Like a lonely island, Briareus and the giants howled as they watched the
falling snow.

\[Main scenario \#60  'Gigantomachia' has ended.\]

\[Sub scenario - Myth Subversion has been completed.\]

\[The compensation settlement will begin.\]

The constellations of the world were watching me. Apart from the four main
constellations, there were constellations I knew and those I didn't know.

Dionysus spoke. \[...You won, Kim Dokja.\]

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and other giants used their big bodies like
ships to carry us.

Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung were looking in at the sky in different
directions. Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung helped each other while Lee Seolhwa
clasped her hands tightly together. Lee Jihye was wiping her tears while
embracing Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung. Maybe they were listening to the
system messages too.

\[You have acquired a new giant story\!\]

\[Three additional new stories have been acquired\!\]

It was a really long-prepared plan. I was able to see the things that would
happen in the future, as if I was reading a novel with a definite ending.

\[Your second giant story has completed the 'success' portion\!\]

\[The second condition of the hidden scenario A Single Story has been
fulfilled\!\]

Finally, the awaited 'success' greeted me.

\[The nebula 'Kim Dokja's Company' has become well known in the Star Stream.\]

A system message celebrating our victory widely resonated in the universe.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is raising his rod\!\]

\[The constellation, "Black Dragon of the Abyss," is waving the bandages of
liberation\!\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is nodding.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is proud of you.\]

The constellations in my channel were congratulating me.

\[Some of the constellations of the 'last scenario' are paying attention to
you.\]

Then beings of the 'last scenario' like Zeus started to notice me.

\[The demon kings of the Demon Realm are paying attention to your actions.\]

\[The archangels of Eden are paying attention to you.\]

\[Unknown gods of another world are staring at your existence.\]

\[The 'Seekers of the End' are listening to your story.\]

In the midst of the white and snowy sea, good and evil and those who didn't
belong to either side were watching the story. The end of the myth that had
long dominated the world. Those who made the story with me would find me.

"Kim Dokja."

However, at this moment...

"...Kim Dokja?"

I already wasn't there.


