### Chapter 430: Ep. 81 - A dumpling's reminiscence, III

Yoo Joonghyuk pointed the tip of his blade at Sun Wukong and slowly opened his
lips.

 How did you expect me to respond when you were emitting that much demonic
energy?

The \[Voice Projection\] was meant to send one's voice to a designated target.
However, Sun Wukong didn't reply. Instead, it was the \[Murim dumpling\] on
his shoulder that did.

 \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] is a good weapon.

That voice was thick with an untold length of time it had lived through,
prompting Yoo Joonghyuk to strengthen the sword aura permeating on his blade.

The dumpling spoke while opening its eyes to stare at the \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\] buzzing with the transcendental power.

 However, will you be able to cut me down with a broken weapon?

Indeed, there was a faint crack running in the middle of the sword.

By using the repair tools sold in the \[Dokkaebi Bundle\], it had been patched
up somewhat, but as that statement implied, it was nothing more than a
temporary measure. After it broke once, \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]
couldn't even display half of its original might.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke.

 We can find out, right now.

 And that's precisely why you couldn't win against the 'Secretive Plotter'.

Yoo Joonghyuk's dark brows quivered noticeably at the mention of the
'Secretive Plotter'.

The outer appearance of the Murim dumpling seemed to slowly morph in the
darkness, and the kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk number \[999\] regained his former look.
Indeed, it was the miniaturised version of Yoo Joonghyuk.

The regular-sized Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes trembled faintly.

 Are you an underling of that bastard? What is your goal here?

 The current you will never defeat the 'Secretive Plotter'.

 If you came here to pass on such a meaningless message, then...

 It'll be the same story even if you try your luck hundreds of times. Exactly
the same as your pathetic repeated regressions. Surely, you must be aware of
this by now.

The tip of the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] trembled faintly as well.

Perhaps, that was true. Even after he borrowed Han Sooyoung and Jung Heewon's
powers, he still failed to defeat that enemy. It was obvious that he'd not be
a match even if they met again.

The kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk \[999\] spoke in the tone of voice indicating that he
understood that feeling.

 Yoo Joonghyuk of the 3rd turn. How much do you know about the 'Secretive
Plotter'?

  

* * *

  

An ancient slumber.

This dream was from the days when he was still called Yoo Joonghyuk \(Hanja:
\).

From 0th turn all the way up to 1863rd.

The story of when he was still the puppet of the Oldest Dream, repeating
countless lives and fighting over and over again.

\[...Oh, you foolish puppet. You, can't, save, anything.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk finally reached the 1863rd turn, only to lose every single one
of his companions.

The Maritime War God, Lee Jihye.

The Beast Lord, Shin Yoosung.

The Emperor of Steelsword, Lee Hyunsung.

The God of Medicine, Lee Seolhwa.

The Delusion Demon, Kim Namwoon.

The Hermit King of Shadows, Han Donghoon.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, Namgung Minyoung.

...His little sister, Yoo Mia.

Just like how he had many companions, he also had as many enemies to contend
with.

Such as, Gong Pildu of the 'Ten Evils', Anna Croft, Ranveer Khan, Fei Hu...

"I told you, I won't become your ally. However..."

Some enemies remained hostile until the end.

"Maybe, this regression turn will be your last."

Some enemies realized he had succeeded and congratulated him.

And then, the final war began.

\[Oh, the 'Iron Blood Supreme King'.\]

Fighting alongside him as his sworn friend, the 'Prisoner of the Golden
Headband', the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal.

\[I'm helping you because the <Star Stream> is an even greater evil.\]

Working as his ally at the final hurdle, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', Uriel.

\[...This one is simply avenging the death of his Incarnation, that is all.\]

Standing on his side for the sake of avenging Kim Namwoon, the 'Abyssal Black
Flame Dragon'.

\[Y ou fool ish Con stell ations...\]

They advanced forward while breaking past the waves of the Outer Gods. They
cut down countless packs of tentacles rushing at them, and faced off against
the enormous Statuses emitted by these gods from the other world.

Stars in the sky fell non-stop.

Lights from the great Nebulas continued to disappear. <Olympus>, <Vedas>,
<Asgard>...

Along with the noises of one era coming to an end, the skies of the <Star
Stream> were covered by the falling rain of shooting stars.

The Korean Peninsula's Constellations also died. Goryeo's First Sword and the
Maritime War God fought bitterly right till the end, but they still couldn't
avoid their deaths.

It was the same story for Yoo Joonghyuk's companion in arms.

\[What an amusing life it was.\]

The first one to lose his head was the 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon'.

\[...Gabriel... I'm sorry.\]

Not too long after, the wings of the 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' were broken.

By that time, however, even the majority of 'Outer Gods' had perished as well.

The one to land the final, deciding blow was the Great Sage.

\[That's the end of all stories, it seems.\]

His Ruyi Bang grew to an enormous height. He then dispersed into tens of
thousands of clones and utilised every single Story he possessed to open up a
path. As he scattered away in a golden-coloured Story, the Great Sage spoke
up.

\[Complete your story, Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk could never forget the moment he ran on that path.

It was the moment that his life, continued on breathlessly from the 0th turn
up until now, was about to be completed.

Slice.

The head of a god from another world fell in vain.

\[Reg ret will be the on ly th ing that ke eps you al ive.\]

And that curse completed Yoo Joonghyuk's 'Conclusion'.

\[You have acquired a new Giant Story\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonesome Apocalypse', has completed its
meaning\!\]

\[The 'Conclusion\(\)' for your final Giant Story has been completed\!\]

\[Hidden Scenario  'A Single Story's' final condition has been met\!\]

The only one remaining on the battlefield where everything had perished was
Yoo Joonghyuk.

The Conclusion he finally reached by using the deaths of everyone as its
fertiliser. What he wished for at the end of this lengthy fight was just this
one thing.

'To see the end of this damn regression'.

For that sole purpose, he persisted and got himself here.

Unfortunately, a wall prevented him from 'going beyond'.

There are three ways to survive in a ruined world. Now, I have forgotten a
few, but one thing is certain. The fact that you who are reading these words
will survive for sure.

Incomprehensible texts were written on that wall.

That was where Yoo Joonghyuk met the 'Dokkaebi King'.

\[Oh hear ye, the poor, tragic puppet. You have come far too quickly. I'm
sorry, but past here 'doesn't exist' yet.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't understand what that meant. To figure it out, he
threatened the 'Dokkaebi King'. But the damn guy didn't reveal its true
meaning even as it died.

\[You can't complete this universe.\]

It was a gigantic wall that Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't go past with his power. But
he still instinctively understood it.

'Past this wall is where I'll find the answer I've been looking for'.

Unfortunately, his \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\] that shattered the
heavens and destroyed stars failed to break this wall. It was as if this wall
didn't possess the nature of 'breaking' in the first place.

Yoo Joonghyuk despaired.

He came this far while losing everything, yet he couldn't go past this one
wall?

\[Your 'Conclusion' is guiding you towards a brand new existence.\]

He needed to become stronger.

He needed many more Stories.

He needed the force capable enough to break past this 'Wall' and go beyond it.

\[You have become an 'Outer God'.\]

And that was why Yoo Joonghyuk had become an Outer God.

He now could drift along the countless world-lines he had lived through, and
eventually, he was no longer 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.

Other gods respected him who wandered among the universe of stories, and
Dokkaebis from other world-lines feared him.

The Wennys liked him, though. One of the Recorders of Fear even created a
title for him, too.

 The great schemer who dreams of journeying past the Wall... The 'Secretive
Plotter'.

0th regression turn, 1st, 2nd... 1863rd.

He aimlessly floated around all these numerous world-lines and memorised the
stories of his life once more.

He had earned many Stories along the way, but his overall power remained the
same after paying for the Probability of traversing through different world-
lines. However, he got to learn many new pieces of information that he failed
to notice when he used to rely on regression only.

Such as, the origin of all of his regressions, his sponsor.

The 'Oldest Dream'.

The 'Secretive Plotter' wandered around again and again for the sole purpose
of finding this being.

Once, he discovered its traces in <Eden>, and he also discovered the records
of it within <Vedas> as well.

But he couldn't find its actual, real body anywhere.

And that was why the 'Secretive Plotter' became even more convinced. He was
sure that the answer to everything was beyond the 'Final Wall' he encountered
at the 'Final Scenario'.

Sadly, though, he failed to discover the method to breach that wall even after
searching through all of the world-lines.

His hope slowly withered. His will that not even regressing for 1863 times
could break was slowly becoming dimmer. He dreamed many times of falling into
an endless slumber. If only he really could.

If only he could find... the eternal rest he'd been searching for.

It was at this point that he discovered a single planet shining so brightly.
The 'Secretive Plotter' was quite familiar with it.

The 8612th solar system, Earth. The location where the tragedies of all
scenarios began.

However, something was wrong. An unfamiliar sensation wrapped around this
world-line stabbed into his memories.

'...Was there a regression turn like this one?'

And it was here that the 'Secretive Plotter' witnessed an existence he had
never encountered before.

...

...

...

The 'Secretive Plotter' slowly opened his eyes.

He saw the N'Gai's Forest above the cold darkness. His jet-black exhaled air
dispersed within the now-chilly air.

It was unknown for how long he was there, but nonetheless, the kkoma Yoo
Joonghyuk number \[41\] was next to him.

"You had a nightmare. Someone like you who had witnessed the Conclusion still
can't escape from dreaming, it seems."

...Well, I too am nothing more than a mere 'puppet', that's why.

Tsu-chut, chuchuchut...

Perhaps as the after-effects of spending an exorbitant amount of Probability,
thin layers of sparks danced around the entire figure of the 'Secretive
Plotter'.

\[41\] quietly observed that phenomenon for a while before opening his lips.
"I see that the effects from the 1863rd's story changing is rather
considerable."

...Your business here?

"All contact from \[999\] has been cut off."

The irises of the 'Secretive Plotter' drew in deeper after hearing those
words. Dark and deep light flitted in and out of his eyes as if he was reading
something, before he opened his lips again.

...\[999\] hasn't died.

"Then, the meaning of his contact being cut off is..."

The 'Secretive Plotter' didn't reply.

\[41\] spoke with a voice containing a faint trace of rage. "It was a mistake
to send him. Send me, instead. \[999\] is too soft."

He is not as soft as you think. Faint vestiges of a Story brushed past the
eyes of the Secretive Plotter as if he was re-reading the events of the 999th
regression turn. Even if it was through sheer luck, \[999\] is the only one
besides myself to reach the edge of the 'Conclusion'. Because of his
experience, I too was able to witness my 'Conclusion', as well.

That reply prompted \[41\]'s expression to crumple. "However, he's also the
one who willingly gave up on the 'Conclusion'. Think about this. He can mess
up our goal."

It doesn't matter. He is also a 'Yoo Joonghyuk', after all. The Plotter's
unfathomable eyes now stared at the skies of the N'Gai's Forest. No one could
tell what exactly he was thinking about. He too, has the right to pursue the
end he wishes to see.

\[41\] quietly observed the Plotter's eyes before lowering his head slowly.

The 'Secretive Plotter'. Yoo Joonghyuk who had lived the longest time in all
of the universes out there. No one in the <Star Stream> could understand the
depths of his sorrow.

"...If that's what you want."

Even if it was another Yoo Joonghyuk.

  

* * *

  

\[Scenario maintenance will conclude in five minutes.\]

\[The channel will re-open soon.\]

As the message reverberated throughout the empty air, two Yoo Joonghyuks were
still standing face to face. \[999\] was the first one to form a wry grin.

 It seems that you don't know anything. But then again, I guess it's only
obvious.

"Don't know anything"  those words really got under Yoo Joonghyuk's skin.
This bastard or that other one, they were all saying the same damn thing.

'Yoo Joonghyuk who doesn't know anything'.

Just what the hell didn't he know?

The blade of the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] faintly shifted over to Sun
Wukong as if he had managed to swallow back his anger.

 Just spit out what you're plotting here. Why did you come? Is this Sun
Wukong one of your collaborators?

\[999\] glanced at Sun Wukong after hearing that threat, and replied.

 He isn't an Outer God. We're simply using each other.

 In that case, it'll be fine to kill you both.

\[999\] then stepped up slightly as if to defend Sun Wukong and spoke.

 If you wish to give up on this regression turn, then go ahead.

 What rubbish are you talking about?

 Complete this 'Journey to the West Remake' with this guy. If you do, I shall
teach you a way to defeat the 'Secretive Plotter'.

 Why should I believe...

Almost at the same time, blue sparks danced around \[999\]'s body.

The \[Existence Pledge\].

Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes trembled from unrest.

 You said that I'll never defeat him even if I regress hundreds of times.

 And I merely meant that you can't defeat him by 'regressing' hundreds of
times.

\[999\] lightly leaped up and landed on the blade of the \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\]. Yoo Joonghyuk reflexively took a step back, but his mini
version approached him regardless.

 You always thought that your life so far has been a living hell. Because
you've been dealing with everything all on your own.

A chaotic Story instantly spread all around. Yoo Joonghyuk flinched and stared
at it.

It was of an eternal nightmare that a certain someone had lived through.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', has begun its storytelling.\]

As if it was reacting to this Story, the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\]
permeating with shining light shuddered greatly.

Yoo Joonghyuk who experienced the 999th regression turn spoke again.

 How many such hells do you think exist in this world?


