### Chapter 27: Ep. 6  Judgment Time, IV

A few minutes later, I once again entered Dongguk University Station and ate a
ground rat. It was in order to heal the skin contaminated by the poisonous
fog. It took a little time but the contamination could be recovered by eating
the meat of an underground species.

\[...Hey\! Are you crazy? What did you do just now?\] I was eating when I heard
Bihyung's voice furiously berating me.

'Shut up'.

\[No, this isn't an issue you can dismiss. You destroyed a constellation's
idol\! Do you want to see my channel fail? Once the 'Bald General of Justice'
begins to talk...\]

The idol of a constellation. Every world had their own constellations, South
Korea as well. By the way, Bihyung said it was the 'Bald General of Justice'.
He was a great person in South Korea but...

Actually, I wasn't the type of person to say that.

\[A constellation wearing a straw mat is furious at your atrocious actions.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is laughing.\]

There was a difference in the degree of all idols, but they had the power of a
constellation sealed in them. If I released the seal of the idol in the right
way, I could gain a certain amount of power, such as an item or a skill that
the constellation used in their lifetime. However, 'unlocking the seal' took a
long time and I wasn't sure if I could get the skill I wanted.

I looked at Ways of Survival on my smartphone.

 "But if it is sealed in the bronze statue of Samyeongdang, how did you get
the skill?"

"There is a saying that if you meet Buddha, kill Buddha."

"What? Don't tell me..."

"Haha, I was just trying it out... but it is true. All the statues aren't just
for worship."

"Hey\! This jerk, you should watch your mouth. You might be cursed by the
constellation." 

At the last gateway to enter Chungmuro, the 'skill' of Samyeongdang was
essential and the most surefire way to get the skill was to destroy the idol.
Of course, I could buy something similar from the Dokkaebi Bag but... the more
coins I saved, the better.

"Then did you resolve the 'man's secret' well?"

I quickly turned off my smartphone screen. My companions, including Jung
Heewon, had gathered.

"Yes. And I have something for you."

I pulled out the items I gained from the idol. As luck would have it, the
Samyeongdang idol contained items and skills.

\[Samyeongdang's Beads\]

\[Samyeongdang's Straw Mat\]

Rags and old beads. There were questions in the eyes of everyone present. I
knew what they were thinking. However, I also knew this: In this world, 'old'
was more likely to be 'good'.

"They seem like good items because they are souvenirs of a great person."

"Great person?"

"Do you know Samyeongdang?"

\[A constellation wearing a straw mat has paused at your actions.\]

Jung Heewon asked with a blank expression, "...Who is that?"

\[A constellation wearing a straw mat wishes to appear before character 'Jung
Heewon'.\]

"Ah\! I know\!" Fortunately, someone knew. Needless to say, it was Yoo Sangah.
"I remember seeing it when I was studying Korean history\! Isn't he a monk
from the Joseon Dynasty?"

"Yes, that's right."

"When the Korean military was struggling to defend against the Japanese
invasion...he fought in the Nowongpyeong battle and Wukwandong battle\!"

As expected from Yoo Sangah. I also studied Korean history but I didn't know
this.

\[A constellation wearing a straw mat is touched by character 'Yoo Sangah'.\]

I nodded and said, "Anyway, these items have his strength."

"...Really?"

"Wow, it is real\!"

Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung were surprised when they confirmed the item
information.

"Still, how did Dokja-ssi know to get this?"

"Just, I put my hands together in front of the Samyeongdang statue and...they
fell from the sky."

"Huh? No way..."

I thought it was ridiculous but there was a reason people said such ridiculous
words. I put on a mock solemn expression as I watched the party. "I think... it
was sent by Samyeongdang for South Korea."

"Ah..."

Their 'ah' were filled with many meanings. I ignored them and kept talking. It
wasn't like I was asking for them to listen.

"He might've left his belongings to save the country, just like during the
Japanese invasion of South Korea. Anyway, now South Korea is a country
undergoing turmoil."

\[A constellation wearing a straw mat is moved by your words.\]

In times of turmoil, scammers always gained power.

"...In this strange world, it isn't weird if something like this happens. Maybe
Samyeongdang is one of the 'constellations'. Isn't that right?"

Surprisingly, Yoo Sangah was the first to be convinced. Maybe she didn't want
me to be embarrassed. The funny thing was that once Yoo Sangah agreed, Lee
Hyunsung was immediately convinced.

"Indeed, Samyeongdang..."

Lee Hyunsung grew up with patriotism for a long time and looked like he was
reminiscing on the principle of military service. Lee Gilyoung also seemed
convinced. It was only Jung Heewon who was staring at me like it was nonsense.

\[A constellation wearing a straw mat likes your revealing words.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' forgives your sins.\]

Bihyung looked at the sky with an 'Is this okay?' expression before looking
dumbfounded. The power of a constellation was directly linked to their fame.
Thus, the constellations loved it when their stories were spread this way.
Where was a constellation that hated being praised?

"I will give Samyeongdang's Beads to Yoo Sangah since you know him well."

"Really? Can I accept it?"

"I think Samyeongdang will be delighted if Yoo Sangah uses it."

In fact, the performance of Samyeongdang's Beads wasn't good compared to what
the sponsor used it for. It wasn't a sponsor's star relic so maybe the fact
that Samyeongdang wasn't a world-recognized figure had an effect. It was still
a B class item so it had a secondary option of boosting magic power to
increase magic power recovery.

Jung Heewon watched Yoo Sangah like she was envious and said, "Yoo Sangah
knows a lot of things. I didn't know about Samyeongdang because I didn't do
very well at school."

"Ah...that...that."

"I'm joking, joking. Don't make such an expression."

I spoke to the sulky Jung Heewon, "I also have something for Jung Heewon-ssi."

"For me? Is it that straw mat?"

"Yes."

"It's okay. No matter how urgent, I don't want to wear such a thing."

"...Just try it. You won't regret it."

Jung Heewon hesitated for a moment before throwing on the straw mat. She was
trying to be fashionable but she just looked like a beggar.

\[A constellation who likes companionship condemns your actions.\]

\[A constellation who praises friendship likes your actions.\]

It would be different if the star relic 'Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick and Straw
Sandals' came out, but the other two items weren't necessary for me right now.
Jung Heewon saw her reflection on the screen door of the subway and made a
slightly complicated expression.

"It is hard to explain but...I suddenly feel like I can harness the power of
justice."

Samyeongdang's Straw Mat was an item that enhances the justice and willpower
of the wearer. I didn't need it but it was a pretty good item for Jung Heewon.

"You said Samyeongdang? I feel sorry for some reason. I should study harder."

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is happy at this situation.\]

\[100 coins have been sponsored.\]

I jokingly said, "Then let's put our hands together and pray."

  

* * *

  

It was a joke but Jung Heewon really went to pray.

Jung Heewon was contaminated by the poisonous fog and spoke while eating a
ground rat. "By the way, who broke it? Surely it wasn't Dokja-ssi?"

"..."

"...Dokja-ssi?"

"Be prepared. We will be at Chungmuro soon."

I looked at the dark tunnel. It had been 20 minutes since Lee Gilyoung used
Diverse Communication, allowing us to safely move forward. Considering the
fact that Dongguk University to Chungmuro was 1 km in a straight line, it was
time for 'that' to appear.

\[A new sub-scenario has arrived\!\]

Indeed, as soon as I thought about it.

"Everybody step back."

\[Sub Scenario  Phantom Prison\]

Category: Sub

Difficulty: D~F

Clear Conditions: Escape from Phantom Prison within the time limit.

Time Limit: 1 hour

Compensation: 300 coins

Failure: ???

\[Sub-scenario  Phantom Prison has begun\!\]

Perhaps Yoo Joonghyuk had suffered quite a bit in this scenario. This scenario
was one of the most painful traps for a regressor. Yoo Sangah asked, "Phantom
Prison? What is this?"

She would know without asking.

"It is coming. Everyone, please keep your mind straight."

Before my words were over, a haze overcame me. The fog that instantly occupied
the tunnel blocked my field of view. The party members in the immediate
vicinity couldn't be seen. When I looked around, I could only see a distorted
scenery, as if I was on drugs.

"Uwah...I feel bad\!" Jung Heewon screamed. Maybe Jung Heewon was seeing
something different from what I saw now.

Dokja.

The voice I didn't want to hear. That forgotten voice was heard in a drug-like
landscape. If I was this way, my other party members would be worse.

"...Something feels strange. Dokja-ssi\! Are you there?"

"Dokja-ssi\! Dokja-ssi\!"

In this distorted vision, the voices of my party members were gradually
fading.

\[Phantom Prison\].

A space that led to madness by touching a person's trauma.

 Dokja, you didn't see anything. Understood? 

The landscape disappeared and the face of a person popped up. I smiled
bitterly as I stared into the air. I wanted to deny reality.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is activated\!\]

\[Due to the skill effect, immunity to Phantom Prison has occurred.\]

The moment my mind relaxed, the uncomfortable feeling diminished.

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' admires your spirit.\]

\[100 coins have been sponsored.\]

\[The curious constellations are sorry that they can't peek at your
memories.\]

As the power of Phantom Prison weakened, I felt a sense of alarm.

"Everyone, calm down and take deep breaths."

Those trapped in Phantom Prison would lose their minds and unleash their
madness around them. Thus, the most dangerous thing in Phantom Prison was the
companions around you. Yoo Joonghyuk's solo behaviour might be because he was
worried about this prison.

"S-Soldier Lee Hyunsung. Did you hear wrong?"

"I was wrong. I was wrong, Mother\!"

"T-This dog bastard\!"

...I was too late. I heard the screams of people filled with madness, but it
wasn't everyone.

"...Dokja-ssi?" At this moment, Yoo Sangah's appearance was revealed in Phantom
Prison. Samyeongdang's Beads around her wrist was glowing brightly.
Fortunately, it worked. I approached Yoo Sangah and said, "Cover the
surroundings. From now on, I will destroy this space."

Yoo Sangah nodded with a nervous expression.

\[The exclusive skill 'Destroy Evil Lv. 1' is activated.\]

Destroy Evil. It was one level higher than the Repel Evil skill that could be
bought with coins. It was a skill that I obtained after breaking the bronze
statue of Samyeongdang.

\[The exclusive skill 'Destroy Evil Lv. 1' has turned off 'Phantom Prison'.\]

Indeed, it was a skill used by Samyeongdang. If I had bought Repel Evil, it
would've taken a minute to release it. As the fog retreated and Phantom Prison
disappeared, my companions started to appear one by one.

"O-Our resolve\! We are the South Korean army, loyal to the nation and the
people\!"

"Uh...Uh...Mother."

The trauma could be seen with one glance. Lee Hyunsung was bowing with his
head on the ground, while Lee Gilyoung had his head on his knees and was
shaking. Yoo Sangah came forward first. "Lee Hyunsung-ssi? Gilyoung\! Please
wake up\!"

At this moment, a blade flew from the rear. Fortunately, the blade wasn't fast
and it wasn't difficult to avoid.

"...I will kill all of you."

Jung Heewon was waving her sword through the air like a madman. My heart ached
as I watched Jung Heewon's eyes became gradually redder. This was dangerous.
It was a sign of 'Demon Slaying'. I stunned Jung Heewon by strongly hitting
her in the back of the neck. Luckily, Jung Heewon was unharmed. I thought it
wouldn't be like this with Samyeongdang's Straw Mat but Jung Heewon's mental
state was more fragile than I expected.

"Yoo Sangah, please look after Jung Heewon-ssi."

"...Yes, yes\!"

"It isn't over yet."

\[You have met the conditions to clear the sub-scenario\!\]

\[You have earned 300 coins.\]

Monsters appeared as soon as the clear message showed up. They were a mass of
liquid, reminiscent of ectoplasm. The 8th grade specter. It was the specters
who made Phantom Prison. I used Purest Sword Force to invoke Blade of Faith.
Fortunately, the battle itself wasn't difficult. In the first place, the
specters weren't difficult if Phantom Prison was destroyed. The creepy and
weird specters were destroyed.

\[Specter's Stone.\]

I put the fallen stones into my pocket. This needed to be picked up. Thanks to
Yoo Sangah, the others were recovering quickly.

"A-Are you okay?"

The one who recovered the fastest was Lee Hyunsung. Lee Hyunsung heard the
story and bowed his head with surprise. "...Thank you. I almost got into big
trouble. I also want to thank Dokja-ssi."

"It is nothing."

"I have a headache..." Lee Gilyoung's head was pounding. I stroked Lee
Gilyoung's hair. He pretended to be okay but perhaps the one with the most
terrible trauma in this place was this child. I saw a pale light in the
distance.

Yoo Sangah said, "Dokja-ssi, I think it is over."

I worried about it for a short moment. Jung Heewon was stunned and it was
difficult for the others to exercise their power. Would we be okay to enter
Chungmuro at this rate? My concerns were resolved by another person. A blade
loomed in the darkness, but it was a pure threat, without the intent to harm.

"Who are you? Don't you know that this area is our hunting ground?" In the
faint light of the entrance, a girl holding a long sword stood. She looked to
be 17 and was wearing a school uniform. She was wearing a hood like she was
trying to hide her name tag, but her appearance was noticeable.

"Ah, this girl...\!" Yoo Sangah had keen eyes and recognized her first. I also
knew her. It was because she was one of the main characters of Ways of
Survival. The only survivor of Daepong Girls High School, Lee Jihye. She was
one of the reasons why Yoo Joonghyuk went straight to Chungmuro in the
shortest time.

"...Did you guys beat the specters?" Lee Jihye discovered the stone in my hand
and was surprised. "How did you...only Master could catch them?"

I immediately used a skill.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Lee Jihye

Age: 17 years old

Sponsor: Maritime War God

Exclusive Attributes: Scarred Sword Demon \(Rare\)

Exclusive Skills: Sword Training Lv. 3, Demon Slaying Lv. 1, Absolute Sense
Lv. 2, Ghost Walk Lv. 1.

Stigma: Sea Battle Lv. 1, Large Army Command Lv. 1.

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 13, Strength Lv. 12, Agility Lv. 13, Magic Power
Lv. 9.

Overall Evaluation: A person who evolved into a 'Scarred Sword Demon' after
killing her closest friend. The sponsor behind her has an affinity for you and
your colleagues.

\* 'Starter Pack' is currently applied.

There was nothing unusual. Maritime War God. As scheduled, it was the sponsor
behind Lee Jihye. She was a must in future maritime wars.

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is touched at meeting an old
companion.\]

\[Lee Jihye's sponsor welcomes the 'Bald General of Justice'.\]

I felt a faint breeze in the subway tunnel where no trains were running.
Looking at Lee Jihye's hair fluttering in the wind, I realized again.

\[Main Scenario \#2  Meeting has ended.\]

\[The compensation will be settled.\]

Yes, we finally arrived. This was Chungmuro.


