### Chapter 550: Epilogue 5 - The Eternity and Epilogue, V

It had been one year and two months since Yoo Joonghyuk had left on his
journey.

The speed of the manuscript being updated started slowing down around the time
the third part was nearing completion. Even though the manuscript was still
being compiled diligently, there were just too many voids yet to be filled up.

As the chapter number got higher and higher, stories Han Sooyoung didn't know
of seemed to also increase in number, as well.

"This might prove to be helpful, at least by a little bit," said Aileen.

If she didn't extract Story fragments from the sleeping Kim Dokja, the work on
the manuscript would've slowed down even further.

\[Story fragment, 'Great adventure in the Dark Castle', has been successfully
extracted.\]

\[Story fragment, 'Memories of 1863rd regression turn', has been successfully
extracted.\]

\[Story fragment, 'Gourmet Association Story', has been successfully
extracted.\]

These fragments were stories too small to become Stories. Han Sooyoung read
these fragments and filled in the previously-lacking inside of Kim Dokja. Even
then, far too many parts remained empty. She didn't try to forcibly fill those
voids, however.

\[Your Incarnation has logged into the 'Cloud System'.\]

Yoo Sangah asked. "It looks like Joonghyuk-ssi is doing well."

"Well, he's probably busy scaring the living daylights out of the poor
webnovel authors," replied Ham Sooyoung.

"I'm curious about what other authors are like. Surely, not everyone is like
you, Sooyoung-ssi?"

"Well, no, not everyone's like... Hey, did you come here just to grind my
gears?"

"The author in question may not even be a person when I think about it. It
could be a highly-developed AI, or..."

Han Sooyoung reluctantly nodded her head. Indeed, the universe was vast and
lots of writers existed out there. And also, writers who got a beating from
Yoo Joonghyuk should be plenty, too.

In any case  judging from how timely the revised manuscript was being
downloaded, that dude must've been doing his job properly so far.

But then...

\[Your Incarnation is revising the manuscript you have written.\]

"...What??"

  

* * *

  

\[...Captain, what are you doing??\]

"I'm fixing the incorrect portion."

Yoo Joonghyuk was in the midst of revising the updated file in real-time while
logging into the \[Cloud System\]. Originally, it was impossible for an
Incarnation like him to revise a file updated to the \[Cloud System\], but...

\[Your attribute's effects are activating.\]

\[You can now revise the 'Cloud System's' manuscript.\]

\[Revision of the already recorded contents requires a great amount of
Probability\!\]

But, it became possible to do so from some time ago. He couldn't quite
remember just when it started, but it might have been when the attribute
related to writing sleeping inside him began manifesting its powers. Maybe it
had bloomed into life after acquiring the Stories of the 'Outer Gods'.

\[...Won't Han Sooyoung get really angry?\]

"Even if it's her, she wouldn't have known every story there is. Some parts
especially were in a total mess."

While saying that, Yoo Joonghyuk tapped away on the holographic keyboard.
Biyoo seemed rather impressed by this scene and spoke up.

\[Oh... Captain, your grammar is better than I thought\! Since you liked
swinging swords around every single day, I figured you wouldn't even know the
difference between a knight and a night but this...\]

It was right at that moment that Yoo Joonghyuk's cursor suddenly began jumping
around all on its own.

\[Constellation, 'Architect of the False Last Act', has revised the latest
file.\]

Strange words were suddenly typed over the space where Yoo Joonghyuk's cursor
had been just now.

Hey, you just messed with my manuscript, didn't you?\! Do you really want to
die that badly??

...So, there was such a way to communicate with her, then.

Yoo Joonghyuk calmly typed the following sentence.

This is because you failed to store the manuscript properly.

What bulldust are you spewing now??

There were incorrect parts in the manuscript. I've left my opinions on the
file, so confirm them yourself.

After typing that, Yoo Joonghyuk took another look at the parts he had
changed.

Lee Gilyoung wearing the black coat looked down arrogantly at the world with
his star-like sparkling eyes and spoke up. "Hey, you sooty bastard. You're so
weak."  Do you really think this part even makes any sense?

Lee Jihye emitting noble ripples of energy like rushing torrents of a massive
river began swinging her sword. "Water the Sky Sword Door, True Body Deep
Righteousness Slash Technique, Water the Sky Destroy the Emperor Slash\!\!" 
There is no such sword technique in the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship. Also,
all the Hanja letters are incorrect.

Han Sooyoung was silent for a moment there.

...What the hell, I don't remember ever typing these sentences before? Wait,
these haven't been published yet, right?

There are still some time left until the update, so fix them quickly.

Yoo Joonghyuk could pretty much figure out what happened here.

Seriously, those two... With my notebook PC...

Undoubtedly, Lee Gilyoung and Lee Jihye must've changed the scheduled update
file without Han Sooyoung's knowledge.

Biyoo observed the sentences hurriedly being revised before their very eyes
and spoke up. \[Looks like you two have become quite close.\]

"We're merely communicating like this for the purpose of the mission."

Judging from how the revised version continued to be updated, Han Sooyoung
must've been hard at work trying to reconstruct Kim Dokja's story in the most
preserved, complete state.

This novel would become divorced from the reality they had to live through
when more and more parts of it were filled up via dramatisation or
imagination. As their goal was to recover Kim Dokja, this story had to reflect
the reality they had lived in.

\[As long as this is a story, it's impossible to perfectly recreate something.
Every story would be distorted by the narrator, after all.\]

"I'm aware of that. It'd be the same even if Kim Dokja himself personally
wrote it."

Yoo Joonghyuk thought about something related to that for a moment or two. If
it was impossible to restore the complete 'Kim Dokja' no matter which story
you wrote, then just what was the existence called 'Kim Dokja', in the first
place?

Yoo Joonghyuk shook his head.

Back then or even now, no one could know that. Well, no one in this world knew
who they were exactly, after all.

He looked at Han Sooyoung's manuscript. Those who had forgotten about
themselves were probably reading her work right about now. They should be
reading this sentence over here, then afterwards, read the one over there
next.

What Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung wished from them was just one thing 
wishing for a 'happy ending' that they didn't know to become real within
someone's imagination.

Wishing for the world they had never witnessed before to safely exist
somewhere out there in this universe.

\[Constellation, 'Architect of the False Last Act', has revised the latest
file.\]

By the way, Yoo Joonghyuk? Just how many years have you been wandering...

\[Error has occurred in the 'Cloud System' due to incorrect usage\!\]

\[Due to the storm of Probability's aftermath, the Stigma will temporarily
shut down.\]

It seemed that using the manuscript in this fashion was pushing it a little
too far.

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly raised his head and looked at his face reflected on the
ark's window. He could see subtle little premature grey hair spots here and
there on his head.

\[Captain, it's not even 100 years yet.\]

"I'm aware."

\[The time moves really slowly, doesn't it?\]

Her voice passing them by indifferently caused Yoo Joonghyuk to falter just a
little. Biyoo still in the form of little furball was staring at the passing
scenery of the Dark Stratum outside with an unreadable expression on her face.
Suddenly, he became conscious of her being Shin Yoosung in her previous life
once more.

"Did you know, captain? Did you know that I had to endure incredibly
difficult years so that I can grant your request?"

She was an existence who had to wander the world-lines as a lost, forgotten
being for thousands of years just to pass on the information to the past
regression.

Yoo Joonghyuk's lips parted and closed several times. He eventually managed to
squeeze some words out. "...It must've been difficult."

\[Right. It was really tough. I resented you a lot too, captain.\]

The disaster of flood, Shin Yoosung. The Dokkaebi King Biyoo used to have such
a name once upon a time.

\[Still, these days I feel relieved to have reincarnated. Because I got to
keep the promise I made with you back then.\]

"The promise?"

\[Back when I was still Shin Yoosung, you promised me this, captain. You said,
we'd go on a trip together after the scenario comes to an end.\]

While listening to Biyoo's voice continue on, he began digging through 41st
turn's memories. Maybe it was due to the memories given to him by the
Secretive Plotter, he could just about barely recall some things about that
day. Shin Yoosung, talking to him about what she wanted to do after the
scenario had ended.

The 41st turn's Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't keep that promise.

"Shin Yoosung, you're the last one."

His companions died one by one, and during the final moments, he sent Shin
Yoosung away to the outside of the world-line.

The memories from that day  just where did the moments from that day
disappear to?

He didn't know. They could have become the 'Nameless Ones'.

"I..."

\[Let me say this right now. Don't apologise. The person who should apologise,
and the person that apology is intended for, they don't exist in this world
anymore.\]

She was right. In a way, the person saying it and the person listening right
now weren't exactly the right people. Yoo Joonghyuk had lost the 41st turn's
life, and he had forgotten most of the memories from that period of history
ever since Biyoo reincarnated. It was now just an old story that connected
them. They thought about that story for a little while.

\[Shall we get going, then?\]

"Alright."

All they could do for now was to complete this lengthy journey, and also, to
find the suitable intermediary who could deliver their story.

"This time, the married couple writers over there look to be good candidates."

More than likely, this trip would last for much longer.

But Yoo Joonghyuk didn't feel that was such a bad thing.

  

* * *

  

As the serialisation grew longer and longer in length, the number of episodes
that couldn't be filled up only through Kim Dokja's Story fragments or
interviewing the companions, happened more frequently.

Lee Gilyoung grumbled unhappily. "Can't we, like, just gloss over it like the
last time?"

"Since when did I ever gloss over anything? Lee Seolhwa, that thing I asked
you about, get it ready\!"

The moment Han Sooyoung finished saying that, Lee Seolhwa wheeled in a strange
device with multiple suction cups connected to it into the hospital room.

Yoo Sangah spoke up. "...Isn't that the Story fragment extractor?"

Lee Seolhwa nodded her head. "Yes. And from now on, we'll start extracting
Story fragments from everyone."

"Our Stories?"

"It's possible that you aren't remembering everything, and some could be
hidden below your subconsciousness, as well. I'm sure you're all aware of it
by now, but the majority of a Story is usually accumulated within one's
subconsciousness."

"Ah, but, it's kinda embarrassing... What if weird Stories suddenly pop out?"

As if she was obviously hoping for that, Han Sooyoung cut in with an evil-
sounding voice. "Hey, Lee Gilyoung, Lee Jihye. You two go first."

That caused the duo being called out to back away while hesitating somewhat.

"Argh, why should I? We already told you everything we know, you know? Right,
noona?"

"Of course, of course\!"

Completely disregarding whether they did that or not, Han Sooyoung grabbed and
shoved them down on some chairs, before placing the suction cups on the duo's
heads.

Lee Gilyoung freaked out. "Ahhh? That feels super weird, you know\! Feels like
you're putting a plunger on my head\!"

Tsu-chuchuchu\!

"Euh-hihiheek?\!"

\['Lee Gilyoung's' complete Story has been extracted\!\]

\[Story, 'Demon King Fanatic', has started singing.\]

"Oh, oh~ Dokja hyung said this~ back then..."

"I knew it. Even the name of the Story has 'Fanatic' in it."

Lee Gilyoung didn't say anything as he slumped on the seat. Han Sooyoung
narrowed her eyes and glared at the boy, before shifting her glare over to Lee
Jihye next. With excellent timing, that girl's Story had just been extracted,
as well.

\['Lee Jihye's' Story fragment has been extracted\!\]

\[Story fragment, 'Natural-born Bender of Facts', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

"Oh, my? Hey, why don't you write the novel instead of me?"

Lee Jihye avoided meeting Han Sooyoung's glare and whistled nervously.

"You two, touch my manuscript again, and Imma kill you dead. You hear me?"

"...We won't."

"Fine. As for the others..."

Han Sooyoung shook her head grandly and while holding a suction cup, she
turned around  only for Jung Heewon carrying a mischievous expression to
plonk a suction cup on the former's head first.

"Ah?\! What the hell\! Take it off\! Right now\!"

\['Han Sooyoung's' Story fragment has been extracted\!\]

\[Story fragment, 'Memories of a Lemon Candy', has begun its storytelling.\]

"By the way, I've been sucking on that, you know?"

"Okay. So?"

"...You can be so boring sometimes. You know that?"

Jung Heewon spoke up in a teasing tone of voice. "Oh-hoh, would you look at
that? Our dear author-nim, why did she omit such a delicious scene from the
main story, I wonder?"

"..."

"Sangah-ssi, let's try it out ourselves. We need to extract ours quickly so
that our dear author-nim can finish her manuscript."

While Han Sooyoung was angrily gnashing her teeth, the rest of the companions
put the suction cups on and started with their Story fragment extraction.

\['Yoo Sangah's' Story fragment has been extracted\!\]

\[Story fragment, 'Hard work, sincerity, patience', has been extracted.\]

"...What the?? Was that your family motto?"

"Everyone should learn from Yoo Sangah-ssi's example."

\[Additional Story fragment has been extracted from 'Yoo Sangah'.\]

\[Story fragment, 'Memories of their first sharp, cold hand-holding', has been
extracted\!\]

Eyes of Jung Heewon confirming that Story gleamed a little. It was a Story she
also knew, that's why. However, there were some people here who didn't know
what it was about.

Han Sooyoung asked. "What's this? You held Kim Dokja's hand before?"

"Mm~. I've completely forgotten about it. There was something like that,
wasn't there."

"Why did you hold his hand?"

"Are you curious?"

"I need to write the novel, so hurry up and spit it out\!"

Next to the duo, Jung Heewon wearing the suction cup on her head smiled at
them. "Hey, Han Sooyoung. It's not that strange for close companions to hold
each other's hands, right? Why do you react so..."

\['Jung Heewon's' Story fragment has been extracted\!\]

\[Story fragment, 'I've seen the Demon King of Salvation's Black Flame
Dragon', has been extracted.\]

Han Sooyoung narrowed her eyes. "Oh, so really close companions can show each
other stuff like that too?"

"Hahaha... Well, I think this device has developed some kind of an error."

\['Lee Hyunsung's' Story fragment has been extracted\!\]

\[Story fragment, 'I've seen the Demon King of Salvation's Black Flame
Dragon', has been extracted\!\]

Jung Heewon asked, utterly taken back. "Hyunsung-ssi? Why do you also have
that Story?"

"Heewon-ssi, have you forgotten? We saw it together, didn't we?"

"What is it, what is it? What did you two see together??"

When Jang Hayoung began her nagging, Jung Heewon faltered a bit and started
mumbling away about some random stuff in a clearly troubled tone of voice.

While the intense scrutiny was focused elsewhere, Han Sooyoung sneakily left
her spot and approached the Story extractor. For some reason, she seemed
deeply anxious. She alternated her gaze between the companions and the
extractor with a complicated expression, before cautiously extending her
finger towards the device's power button.

Jung Heewon belatedly discovered that sight and cried out. "Han Sooyoung, what
are you doing?\! You better listen well now so you don't get things mixed up
la..."

\[Analysis on the additional Story fragment of 'Han Sooyoung' has been
completed.\]

\[Story fragment, 'I burst Demon King's Black Flame Dragon by mista...\]

Almost at the same time, Han Sooyoung switched the device off.

  

* * *

  

"Okay, so. The attack from Jeon Woo-Chi flew into... my 'that place', is that
it?"

While belatedly typing up the additional contents for the first part, Han
Sooyoung softly grumbled to herself. "Dammit, what a weird event that was."

Her strange-sounding Story almost got discovered by the companions.

In any case, she got to write the manuscript largely trouble-free all thanks
to extracting Story fragments from the companions.

Here was a novel she wrote while using the definite information as her
foundation while omitting those parts she didn't know of. At this point, she
wasn't even sure whether to call this a novel or an essay.

"Fuu..."

As the work inched closer to the latter half, the shades of pain began
creeping up on the companions' expressions. The memories of their happier
times would eventually end up as the conclusion they had to face.

An ending where all of their effort had turned into nothing more than bubbles,
and Kim Dokja failing to return to their side.

Lee Gilyoung asked. "...What meaning is there in writing a tragedy like this?"

"There is some."

They might have failed in changing anything, but that didn't mean they had
given up.

That fact alone was enough to console someone. Even if that someone happened
to be themselves.

And so, around the time when another eight months had gone by, Han Sooyoung
managed to write her way past the fourth and fifth part to reach the epilogue.
And as the feelings of liberation and heightened excitement enveloped her, she
began to work on the final part of the manuscript.

\[The applicable world-line's system has reached the limits of its
senescence.\]

It was also then that something no one could have foreseen happened.

\[Every system in the applicable world-line is entering the extinction
phase.\]

"...What?\!"

\[Stigma, 'Cloud System', has ceased to function.\]


