### Chapter 54: Ep. 11  Night of the Prophets, V

The self-styled No. 1168 looked at the flames beyond the shield and asked,

"My identity? What are you talking about suddenly...?"

"Have you forgotten? I have Sage's Eye."

In fact, this guy's information wasn't available to me.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[The information of this person can't be read in 'Character List'.\]

\[This person isn't registered in 'Character List'.\]

What was the difference between an updated person and a non-updated person? I
still didn't know the exact reason why.

But whatever the reason was, deceiving this person wasn't difficult. It was
because he believed I was Yoo Joonghyuk.

"...I didn't think Yoo Joonghyuk-nim would notice."

"You are an apostle. Right?"

"That's right. You already knew it."

The fact that he said it so easily meant there were ulterior motives.

"This is a trap. Is it because of the Butterfly Effect?"

"Haha, that's right."

I wondered if my words were funny as No. 1168 smiled and looked at the other
people around.

"If there are a lot of flying butterflies, unnecessary storms will happy."

The prophets who couldn't find a foothold were melting like moths in the midst
of the flames. The terrible screams and the information they knew disappeared
into dust. It was the price they paid for trying to obtain a star relic
without the proper information.

"You are killing the larvae before they become butterflies."

"The larvae that are about to become pupa are the easiest to kill."

The fierce heat died down and the chemical reactions in the surrounding area
were subsiding. The Absolute Shield was soon turned off.

\[After one minute, the positions of the footholds will be recreated.\]

The hidden scenario would end when footholds appeared 10 times and they
survived the attacks. We had just passed one so there were nine left.

I tried pressing against the shield with my feet. The heat was high but it was
enough to endure.

Representative-nim\!

I waved my hand to stop those running from afar.

Now wasn't the time to take care of them.

The attack patterns are familiar so please learn them and avoid them on your
own. I can't take care of you right now.

The party members noticed something strange and stopped moving.

In a situation where the power of the apostles wasn't clear, it was dangerous
to drag them with me.

No. 1168 looked at me and said, "This isn't like what I saw in the Book of
Revelations. Is this really your third regression?"

"Shut up. Where did you get off?"

"Hrmm? You would know if you checked it yourself."

"I like a person who is the same on the outside. I can't make a deal with a
person who has two different sides."

The apostles' eyes widened. "How interesting."

"There must be a reason why you would so easily identify yourself."

The tail of the lesser dragon flew through the air and struck the spot where
we were. It was easy for me to avoid it with my over level 30 agility.
However, No. 1168's astute movements were amazing.

I triggered Calm Observation that I got from Theatre Dungeon. It was a skill I
saved for those who Character List didn't work on.

His perspiration, speed, breathing interval... The sum of his physical body
stats was around 49~50. It was a significant level among the prophets I had
seen.

I moved behind him and he opened his mouth. "I'll formally greet you. I'm No.
1195. Among the apostles, I am the 5th Apostle."

The number of views for Ways of Survival's first chapter was 1,200. If he was
1,195, he was among the top five of the latest people to stop reading. Then he
knew about the 'red meteorite'.

"What is your purpose? "Do you also need my help?"

"Huhu. To save Yoo Joonghyuk-nim... what would you say to that?"

"It is more plausible than the lie about mosquitos becoming butterflies."

"Indeed, you have Lie Detection."

He licked his dry lips. Should I do it now?

...No. A little bit more. Just listen a bit more.

"However, I'm not lying about my desire to save Yoo Joonghyuk-nim. Things
would be difficult if you die here. The revelations will be greatly ruined."

"You knew I was coming."

"We discovered it a few hours ago. Therefore, we hurriedly revised the plan."

There were sparks and a few more prophets near us died. There were still those
who were hanging on. It was like they knew the patterns of the lesser dragon.
I kept an eye on those people.

"Originally, we had no plans to participate. If only you Yoo Joonghyuk-nim
wasn't here."

"So?"

"Don't you already know the answer?"

\[The positions of the footholds will be created\!\]

\[The 5th grade fire dragon species, 'Lesser Dragon Igneel' is preparing the
'Flames of Destruction'.\]

My party members successful found footholds this time. The apostle and I also
found a foothold that fit two people.

To be precise, the apostle tossed the person already occupying it out with
force. The drops of blood landed on the brutal apostle. He wiped it off and
said, "We have to slay the lesser dragon."

Ku ku ku ku\!

\[The 5th grade fire dragon species, 'Lesser Dragon Igneel' is using the
'Flames of Destruction'.\]

The Absolute Shield activated and once again blocked the flames.

Kuooooh\!

Only two stages had occurred but there were less than a quarter prophets
remaining. The party members had been keeping pace but it was uncertain how
long they would last.

\[A hidden piece penalty has occurred.\]

\[The number of footholds created in the next turn will be reduced.\]

I spoke with narrowed eyes, "With your power alone?"

"It is possible. I have prepared enough."

I felt uneasy as I heard his confident voice. That reminded me, he was
shedding a single drop of sweat in this heat. A bluish chill spread over his
skin.

This was... I see. Their preparations were outstanding.

"It is the ice pill."

"That's right."

A pill that had a certain probability of appearing when a 7th grade elemental
species was hunted in the Gangseo-gu area stations. They already managed to
get their hands on this pill. It would release a powerful ice attribute for at
least 30 minutes.

In other words, they had a foundation to hurt the lesser dragon. The problem
was the attack power.

"It is impossible with you alone."

"Who said I was alone?"

I looked at the survivors. There were a few people I was particularly keeping
an eye on. I looked closer and saw that their bodies were covered with a
bluish chill.

"Huhu, how can I come here alone?"

I counted and there were five of them. They had committed half their power for
this operation. The five apostles must have confidence after eating the five
ice pills.

But.

"A few more people won't make a big difference."

"That's why I am seeking help. I will give an ice pill to Yoo Joonghyuk-nim if
you decide to help us."

"If I refuse?"

"All of Yoo Joonghyuk-nim's party members here will die."

"Do you think you will be safe like that?"

"Even if we can't take care of the lesser dragon, we can at least take care of
our bodies."

He was brimming with confidence. They would've already lost their heads if I
was the real Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Do you think I am worried about my party members? People die anyway. I can
gather other people."

I raised Unbroken Faith to his neck. Then he shook his head.

"Huhu, you are truly like the revelations. But you better think carefully."

"What do you mean?"

"By now, Yoo Joonghyuk-nim's main base would've entered our hands."

"...What?"

"Maritime Admiral Lee Jihye, a child who uses strange abilities. And one of
the 10 Evils. It is different from the original revelation but you have made a
fairly good party. If they all die, won't Yoo Joonghyuk-nim face problems
starting again?"

They had already investigated up to here. These bastards...

"Won't it be worse if we take away Chungmuro Station? Right now, it is just a
proposal. But don't think this proposal will last forever. Our group has
already completed the King's Road scenario by taking over 10 stations. You
should know the gap between a group with a 'king' and a group without a king."

"..."

"Perhaps the situation would already be over by now. The king will be waiting
for Yoo Joonghyuk-nim's choice in front of Chungmuro's flag holder."

...I see.

I knew their plan. These guys, they planned to hit Chungmuro from the moment
they received information I was coming to the Night of the Prophets.

"If you pledge to join us, we will promise the safety of your party as well as
our full support in the future. This is a promise on the king's honour."

My heart was pounding from the precise threat. They were actually this bold
against Yoo Joonghyuk. It was rare to find this in someone who read Ways of
Survival.

"Who is your king? Where did they get off?"

"Hmm... the king dislikes being called someone who 'got off'."

"So what do you call them?"

"Even if you are Yoo Joonghyuk-nim, please refrain from speaking about him
like that. He is the only one among the prophets who has read all the
revelations. He knows both Yoo Joonghyuk's past and future."

...What? I was surprised for a moment but didn't greatly panic. This was
interesting. There was another reader who read all of the novel?

Laughter emerged. It was a ridiculing laugh. It was because there absolutely
couldn't be such a thing.

Kuooooh\!

Finally, the third attack of the fire dragon was about to begin. I looked at
the apostle and quietly stepped out of the foothold.

The bewildered apostle asked as I walked forward. "Yoo Joonghyuk-nim? What are
you doing?"

The party members far away were also surprised. I waved my hands.

Don't worry. No matter what happens, you absolutely can't move from there.
Understood?

I walked in the direction of the lesser dragon. It was with slow but sure
steps. The fire dragon stared ferociously at me as it prepared the Flames of
Destruction.

"What are you doing?\! Come back\!"

The apostle behind me hastily exclaimed. I turned around and smiled at him.

"Did the king tell you about this future?"

As I listened to him, I kept thinking. These guys shouldn't be alive. But they
had a 'strategy' and I couldn't kill them all by myself. If so... I laughed and
continued talking.

"You guys, have you forgotten what my stigma is?"

If I was them. What would they 'fear' the most right now?

"I'm not afraid of death. I can just start over again."

The answer was simple. They believed I was Yoo Joonghyuk. If that was the
case...

"I wonder. What will the effect be on you? You are unusual presences in this
turn." The most 'fearful' thing to them was what I feared most. "If I die
here, will you exist in the next turn? Or will you end with this world?"

They didn't want Yoo Joonghyuk to die.

"If you really read the revelations, you should know the answer right?"

The apostles' faces paled. There were times when it was easier to handle those
who used their heads.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

The five apostles moved from the footholds and started to run towards me. I
knew it. No matter how unconcerned they pretended to be, they were people who
'got off' and were caught up in this scenario.

What would happen to them in a world where the protagonist was dead? They
didn't know.

"Catch him quickly\!"

Just like me.

\[The 5th grade fire dragon species, 'Lesser Dragon Igneel' is using the
'Flames of Destruction'.\]

The moment that flames burst out from the center of the platform, I exploded
all the strength in my muscles and ran towards the legs of the dragon. Then I
put my flag into the flag holder of Anguk Station located there.

\[You have occupied Anguk Station.\]

\[Currently Occupied: Chungmuro \(Main Base\), Myeongdong, Dongdaemun History
and Culture Park, Dongdaemun, Dongmyo, Sindang Station, Cheonggu Station,
Yaksu Station, Sinseol-dong Station, Anguk Station\]

\[The achievement points of the brown flag are rising.\]

\[You have occupied 10 stations\!\]

\[The hidden scenario  'King's Road' has been achieved.\]

\[Depending on the path you walk, you will receive a new 'king' attribute\].

1\. King of Arrogance and Hypocrisy

2\. King of Solitude and Taste

3\. King of No Killing

.

I replied without reading the rising options.

"King of No Killing."

\[The new attribute, King of No Killing has been obtained\!\]

This was enough. I hadn't wanted to do this but it was necessary to get rid of
the people here.

The apostles discovered the flames and hurried back to the footholds. However,
it was already too late.

"You should've been careful. You only have one life."

The wave of flames covered them. It was an attack that couldn't be endured
even if they ate the ice pill.

\[The durability of the External Enhanced Suit has decreased dramatically.\]

\[The durability of the External Enhanced Suit has run out.\]

My vision soon became dim. There was the feeling of flesh being burnt and I
lost consciousness.

\[You have died.\]

.

.

A moment later, a system message was heard.

\[The privilege of the King of No Killing is activated.\]


