### Chapter 414: Ep. 78 - Twist/, VI

The great battle between the Apocalypse Dragon and the 'Indescribable
Distance'.

Stars continued to fall as two calamities collided, and this spectacle of the
end times was being broadcast to all corners of <Star Stream>.

\[The end of this island is approaching.\]

The 'Mandala's Guardian', too, was watching it through a display panel. As the
'Isle of Reincarnators' began to disintegrate, little bits of 'noise' started
to appear on his Incarnation Body.

Yoo Sangah still stuck inside the cistern spoke towards the Guardian.

 But, you knew this would happen, didn't you?

\[What makes you say that?\]

Her soul wordlessly emitted a soft light. Currently, her new Incarnation Body
hadn't woken up yet.

 Because... the 'you' I read about in the 'Library' was...

\[Please, you shouldn't discuss that story yet. There are those who eavesdrop
on our conversation.\]

The moment his words came to an end, the entirety of the temple was rocked by
a vicious tremor. Ominous, turbid air was pressing down on the surroundings.

Beastly growlings could be heard next; something emerging from the shadows
cast by all four corners of the chamber wriggled noticeably.

Yoo Sangah's soul trembled in worry after sensing that foreboding aura. As the
bubbles inside the cistern increased in numbers, Sakyamuni finally stepped
forward.

\[Oh, the Hounds of Tindalos, it seems that you've arrived for the wrong prey
today.\]

He gently recited a Buddhist prayer, causing the shadows drifting around them
to vanish in an instant  as if they were hounds searching for another prey to
hunt.

Only after those shadows had completely disappeared did Yoo Sangah begin
speaking again in some difficulty.

 What were those...?

\[Oh, dear child. The door to the Final Scenario draws near.\]

Sakyamuni's voice had become graver, weightier.

Ku-gugugu...

The Buddhist rosary around his neck emitting heat rose up in the air
simultaneously. Already knowing what he was planning to do, Yoo Sangah asked
him a new question.

 Am I not going to reincarnate?

\[Why do you think so?\]

 If this island is finished, then you'd also die. And I won't be able to
reincarnate, then.

\[Dear child, we have already made a deal. A deal where you'll answer my
favour, and this body will answer yours. And with that, establish this world's
balance.\] Sakyamuni smiled benevolently and continued on. \[And that is why,
my child, you will reincarnate as promised. Although you haven't inherited the
Incarnation Body and therefore can't make your mark yet, remember that your
role in the 'Final Scenario' will be critical. That is why...\]

She wanted to ask him what he meant by that. But before she could, her
consciousness began dimming.

\[...For the time being, please, get some rest.\]

After her soul fell into a slumber, Sakyamuni extracted her Incarnation Body
and started the procedure to transmit it to a certain place.

The temple was rocked once more as the 'Kugugugu' noise reverberated
throughout its interior. The display panel changed what it was showing as
well. It was a scene of two men possessing the exact same countenance staring
at each other, one wearing a black coat while the other, a white one.

\[Finally, you've also made your move, oh the one who stands at the end of the
cycle.\] Sakyamuni stood still and watched this scene for a while, before
raising his voice as if he was rueful about something. \[In that case, I
should start making my preparations as well.\]

  

* * *

  

But, how?

Yoo Joonghyuk hated that question. It was the most commonly asked question
while living as a Regressor. He even knew all the potential changes in the
repertoire, too  from "But, how did you know that?" to "But, how did you do
that, you bastard??"

He got so sick and tired of that question, in fact, that there were times
where he simply killed those who might throw that question in his way.

But now, he...

"...But, how?"

He ended up asking that very question himself. Even though he knew his
opponent would mock him for it.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu...

A face he knew intimately well looked back from within the storm of
Probability's aftermaths. It was a face that couldn't be here, something that
shouldn't even be here.

\[Chaos Points in the applicable region are rising up rapidly\!\]

\[Problem has occurred in the scenario's balance\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk staggered unsteadily, but still, he did his absolute best to
figure out the current situation. Like the passage of time, delayed by a
broken clock, suddenly rushing forward again, countless hypotheses went on a
rampage inside his head.

...

He should've been Kim Dokja.

But, he isn't Kim Dokja.

1863.

But, how? How could something like this...

\[You should know very well that I hate that question.\]

As if his thoughts had been read, the person before his eyes replied to the
earlier question. Yoo Joonghyuk took another look at the face.

The white \[Infinite Dimension Space Coat\] glimmering within the bright
explosions of sparks; the eyesockets where a pair of empty darkness should've
been were now filled by irises of the exact same size as his. It wasn't just
the eyes, though  the nose, lips, jawline, and even the build, too. A figure
so exact that it was like he was looking in a mirror. The sole difference
being a large scar running across one of this being's cheeks.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke, almost out of disbelief and anger.

"You are not me."

\[Correct. I'm not you.\]

The eyes containing pitch-black darkness now looked down on Kim Dokja hanging
on his waist.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at the Constellation, 'Demon
King of Salvation'.\]

The message landed like a final shot to confirm the kill and Yoo Joonghyuk
shuddered involuntarily.

"The 'Secretive Plotter'..."

This being right before him was really none other than that 'Secretive
Plotter'??

The one who sent Kim Dokja to the 1863rd regression turn, the one who told him
Kim Dokja's secret and caused so much chaos, the one who sent all those
countless 'indirect messages' until now...

That 'Secretive Plotter' was himself who went past the 1863rd turn??

Yoo Joonghyuk bit his lower lip after hearing a distant explosion. He should
think about this at another date.

"Let go of Kim Dokja."

His opponent was the 'Secretive Plotter', an Outer God born from the Chaos
itself. Considering his unpredictable pattern up until now, it was eminently
possible that appearance was a fake...

\[It's a miracle that you managed to survive this far with such a slow head.\]

"Shut up, and let go of him. Or else..."

\[Or else what?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk felt his head become dizzy from the Status pouring out in front
of his nose.

He knew that his opponent was powerful. Even then, he didn't expect the gap in
strength to be this great. The current him could evenly fight against Indra,
an upper-level Narrative-grade Constellation, and not only that, he was able
to inflict the god with grievous injuries, too.

But, compared to the being right before his eyes...

\[What exactly can you do to me?\]

Just what on earth was this?

Yoo Joonghyuk breathed heavily while calming his legs shaking almost out of
control. He noticed that the clones of the 'Indescribable Distance'
surrounding him from all sides began to sneakily retreat ever since the
Plotter's entrance.

Something like this cannot happen.

He got angry at the scenario's irrationality, and he grew furious at the <Star
Stream> that permitted such a nonsensical Probability.

And when his thoughts reached that far, the inside of his head finally cleared
up.

If I think about everything the 'Secretive Plotter' has done so far, then him
incarnating to this place right now should be impossible.

The 'Secretive Plotter' was different from someone like the Great Sage
Heaven's Equal, Uriel, or even the Black Flame Dragon. No, he was an Outer
God, and would need an incredible amount of Probability just to make his
descent to this world.

Tsu-chuchuchut...\!

For sure, the Plotter's entire body was getting swept up in the progressively-
worsening storm of aftermaths with every passing second. No matter who you
were, you could never be free from the Probability's aftermaths. Which meant
that the odds of victory weren't zero.

If I was Kim Dokja in this situation...

As if he had become Kim Dokja, Yoo Joonghyuk began speaking in a calm tone of
voice. "I don't understand this. You've been staying below the radar until
now, so why did you suddenly intervene like this?"

\[Because now is the right time.\]

"...Right time, is it?"

As soon as that exchange came to an end, a bizarre roar resounded out from the
other side of the empty void. It seemed that the battle between the Apocalypse
Dragon and the 'Indescribable Distance' had reached its zenith.

The surrounding space distorted greatly after an incredible explosion swept
by. Yoo Joonghyuk witnessed the view of the cosmos seemingly being crushed
whole and it really dawned on him that the <Star Stream> was indeed marching
towards its destruction.

For sure, it'd not be strange for whatever crazy things to appear now with
that type of Probability running amok. And the 'Secretive Plotter' had been
waiting for this moment all along.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The \[Great Holes\] were opening up far above his head. It'd be his first time
seeing that many \[Great Holes\] appear at the same time.

That was the hole of calamity that supposedly could destroy a world even if
only one opened up. And through those vast, distant holes, innumerable
tentacles began peeking themselves out.

\[Ohhhhh\!\]

\[... \]

\[Oh, the great Plotter\!\]

\[The rise of the vanished islands will now commence...\!\]

...

Horrifying cries could be heard coming from everywhere. Those true voices
caused the bodies of the listeners to be stained by turbid energy.

As if he was reacting to those true voices, the 'Secretive Plotter', still
carrying Kim Dokja, began rising up slowly. More specifically, towards one of
the \[Great Holes\].

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression stiffened.

"Wait\! Stop\!"

Even though he had no concrete plan, he still stood in the path of the
'Secretive Plotter'. That's all he did, yet blood trickled down from his
nostrils. His vision grew dimmer and the hand holding his sword trembled. Even
then, he still spoke. "I can't allow you to leave."

The 'Secretive Plotter' looked at Yoo Joonghyuk in such a condition and spoke.
\[Don't attempt anything foolish. Being able to regress does not guarantee you
an intact life in the next turn.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk accurately figured out what those words implied. One life didn't
end with that life; all the previous lives would always remain as a curse
during the following turns.

He grasped his sword hard enough to break its grip and spoke. "I'm not
planning to go to the next turn."

\[...Is that so?\]

Right afterwards, he felt pain akin to his entire body being crushed. This
attack had no sound, no prior warning. Just the movement of the gaze, and Yoo
Joonghyuk's entire body was being squeezed tightly as if he was thrown inside
a compactor.

He vomited out blood before roaring out. "Don't look down on me\!"

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The pressure from the Status suppressing him faltered momentarily when the
auras of the Giant Stories enveloped his body.

Since Kim Dokja was unconscious, Yoo Joonghyuk was now the holder of the
greatest share of the 'Giant Stories' the <Kim Dokja's Company> possessed.

He didn't miss this opening and swung his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\].

He poured all of his remaining magical energy into the weapon, and the waves
of Breaking the Sky rode along on its blade.

The sword that could shatter the heavens and had already cut down a star. That
very sword was now moving in order to cut down none other than himself. It was
a surprise attack with no pretence or tricks.

However, his sword came to a dead stop after a loud, sharp metallic clang
resounded out. Something made out of metal had blocked his attack. Yoo
Joonghyuk's eyes grew larger.

It was the \[Splitting the Sky Sword\].

The weapon that broke a long time ago in his 3rd turn life was being held by
the 'Secretive Plotter'.

\[You can't win against me.\]

The two blades collided again, causing the vicious winds of flaming sparks to
dance around. Blood poured out from Yoo Joonghyuk's nose and lips. It felt as
if his soul was crashing down to the far side of the cosmos just from the
clashing of their blades. Just one collision and his right arm were smashed to
bits and his ribs shattered.

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't display any hints of the horrifying pain and continued to
raise his Status.

At the bare minimum, he'd not die.

Which meant that it was still doable.

"You're also handicapped, just as me."

Indeed, the Plotter's Status was becoming unstable as seconds ticked by.
Sparks grew heavier and more vicious, while Stories maintaining the coat and
his Incarnation Body had begun scattering away. It was as if Stories that
couldn't be fused had been mixed together.

Without a doubt, the bastard is pushing himself. I need to buy more time.

On top of this, 'Secretive Plotter' seemed to be worried about something else
for a little while, as well. He didn't show it in his expression, but Yoo
Joonghyuk could sense it nevertheless.

Indeed, his Status was trying to avoid being noticed by something. Meaning,
this bastard wasn't in a situation where he could appear here with complete
disregard to everything.

\[Trying to buy time, huh... it's a plan that doesn't suit you. Did you learn it
from Kim Dokja?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't reply. The fact that his opponent had become chatty could
only mean that the Plotter had become anxious as well.

\[You're only at the 3rd turn. So, your end goal shouldn't have anything to do
with Kim Dokja. So, why are you so hung up on him?\]

"That's what I want to ask you."

\[In order to reach my objective, I require Kim Dokja's presence.\]

"Then, that's my answer, too."

At that moment, a faint trace of emotions flickered within the Plotter's eyes.
As if he knew what Yoo Joonghyuk was thinking of.

\[You won't succeed. Because even Kim Dokja wouldn't know what this regression
turn's Final Scenario looks like.\]

"If it was only him, true."

\[How amusing. The 3rd turn who doesn't even know anything...\]

"I may only be the 3rd turn, but..." Stories flooded out from Yoo Joonghyuk's
entire figure. "At the bare minimum, I've lived the 3rd turn that you don't
know anything about."

New Stories he earned during this 3rd turn became a part of him and continued
to circulate within him. Some texts flowed by in sadness, while some others
moved about elegantly and beautifully. Stories that didn't exist in the past
lives  and those that he might not get to earn again in the future lives.

The 'Secretive Plotter' quietly watched those Stories, before opening his lips
to speak.

\[No, I do know of this life, oh the puppet of the Oldest Dream.\]


