### Chapter 477: Ep. 91 - One Single Story, I

He took a very long time to get to that decision.

I stared at Yoo Joonghyuk making that declaration.

The original plan wasn't like this. He was supposed to use the memories from
the 999th turn and buy as much time as possible. He was to stimulate the
'Outer Gods' appropriately and persuade them.

"There will be no next regression for me."

Even though I was looking at a guy completely, utterly trashing my plan to
bits, for some reason I didn't get angry.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, a former regressor."

Only now could I truly comprehend what he said back then.

I had been thinking that the reason for the rapid growth of this turn's Yoo
Joonghyuk was down to the information I provided and the interference from
other variables. However, now I couldn't say that anymore.

The proof was the Stories rising up from Yoo Joonghyuk's entire frame. Stories
that contained not the desperation, but the will of a lifetime.

Yoo Joonghyuk had bet everything on this regression.

Just like a locomotive dashing forward by exhausting every ounce of its fuel,
Yoo Joonghyuk was doing everything he possibly could to live this life.

This regression turn was not the base material for his next life.

...Captain, you're lying, right? Huh? You're kidding, right??

Lee Jihye's expression creaked and distorted. It wasn't merely an expression
of someone betrayed by the belief she held onto. No, that was the face of a
person whose world had crumbled.

She then reached out towards that last straw she had been chasing after all
this time. Unfortunately, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't grab that hand.

"Lee Jihye. Have I ever lied to you before?"

...Why?

Explosive auras were leaking out from her entire body now. I sensed the
999th's turn's history going violently out of control.

Why, whywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhy

Stories were asking why it was not the 999th turn but us  why was it not the
world they lived in, but this one?

I was about to take a step forward, but Yoo Joonghyuk stopped me.

"Stay back."

His cheeks were trembling painfully. No matter how hard he tried to hide his
emotions, he still couldn't erase his unique behaviour. I sighed softly and
replied.

 We can't retreat anymore, anyway.

 Apologies.

 It's fine. This is your choice, after all.

At a casual glance, Yoo Joonghyuk might seem like a realist, but actually, he
was far more of an idealist than anyone out there. From the get-go, there was
no way someone would repeatedly regress unless he doggedly held onto his
ideals. And in order to protect such a dude's ideals, someone had to take on
the role of a realist.

I took another step forward while looking at the waves of 'Outer Gods', about
to rush in full of indignation.

\[Yoo Joonghyuk did not choose to forsake your worldline.\]

I used every ounce of my energy to use that true voice, causing the 'Outer God
Kings' to look at me. The 999th turn's Lee Jihye, Lee Hyunsung, Kim Namwoon,
Uriel...

\[Have you all forgotten? He was never in a position to choose, but always had
it chosen for him.\]

He had repeatedly regressed, but Yoo Joonghyuk had never regressed because he
really wanted to. Even when he had to discard the 3rd turn and regressed to
the 4th, and when he gave up on the 4th and chose to go to the 5th, it wasn't
out of his will, his desire.

The regression wasn't his choice, but his fate; what chose 'it' wasn't him,
but the 'story' that desired his regression.

\[We have no need to fight each other. Why must one tragedy compete against
another one?\] I had no idea whether these words would work or not, but even
then, I simply had to say them. \[We won't forsake you. We do not wish to
remember you all as calamities. We want to...\]

I looked up at the sky. I felt dizzy for a moment there from all the boundless
gazes I hadn't seen before bearing down on me, but I didn't avoid meeting them
head-on.

Just like how Yoo Joonghyuk was not the same Yoo Joonghyuk from the 0th turn,
I too wasn't Kim Dokja of the 1st scenario.

\[We want to fight against that sky together with all of you.\]

Beyond the skies, the stars began illuminating in sheer madness.

\[The absolute majority of the Constellations can't understand your
declaration\!\]

\[Great Dokkaebis from the Bureau are shocked by your intentions\!\]

Indirect messages rained down like starlight. If it was before, I'd been too
busy reading those messages, but now, I knew the truth.

The reality was, all those starlights in the sky were nothing more than
ornaments to hide the fact that the darkness existed there.

\[The 'King of Stories' is now looking at you.\]

It was then I heard a very faint chuckle.

Oii, do you even know what you're talking about? Are you saying that you want
to destroy <Star Stream>? The snide voice belonged to the 999th turn's Kim
Namwoon. You think we haven't tried that before?

The depths of emotions contained within his voice was unfathomable.

He was smiling, but he wasn't really smiling.

That exaggerated smile hid the sense of resignation deep within.

We already tried that. We shot down all the Constellations, and we even
killed the Dokkaebi King of our world-line, too. You know what happened when
we did?

Kim Namwoon walked on the ocean's surface and stood right before me.

And as if to transmit the sweetest despair known to men, he whispered to me
next. The world just vanished.

I silently listened to his words.

We definitely cleared the scenarios properly. We even completed all the
conditions, yet... We lost everything we loved. There was no miracle, no reward
at the end of the line.

I recalled the words uttered out by the 999th turn's Uriel.

If the <Star Stream> disappears, the whole universe will fall into chaos.
Such a world-line must never be created. That is the way of Evil.

That's what she said when I mentioned my goal of destroying the <Star Stream>.

Kim Namwoon continued on. You know what we saw at the end of the world?

\[You probably saw a massive wall. A great wall that surrounds all of the
worlds, the one where you can't even see its beginning or the end.\]

...And how do you even know that?

\[Because that's where our true goal is, too. What we want to achieve isn't
simply the destruction of <Star Stream>.\] I repeated with my own voice what
the 'Secretive Plotter' told me earlier. \[And it's to eliminate the
ringleader of all these tragedies hiding behind that 'Final Wall'.\]

The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon stared at me as if he was greatly shocked by this
revelation.

His lips bobbed up and down many times before he finally roared out. No one
can go past the 'Final Wall'\! That's...

Namwoon-ah. These people, they possess the 'Final Key' that might allow them
to go over the 'Final Wall'.

Lee Hyunsung raised his voice.

Kim Namwoon alternated his gaze between Lee Hyunsung and me, looking utterly
confused. I simply nodded my head towards him.

\[The 'Outer God Kings' are getting agitated by your announcement\!\]

\[Your declaration is causing a rapid change in the '98th scenario'\!\]

\[A large number of Constellations are indignant of your choice\!\]

It was fine if the stars didn't want to side with us. It was also fine if
other Nebulas didn't want to join us, either.

However, if these four decided to stand on our side...

If these 'Kings' that lived through the 999th turn remained in this world-line
and fought alongside us, then...

...Let's say that you possess such a 'key'.

The moment I heard that voice, I felt a chill run down my spine.

In that case, is there a reason for me not to snatch that key away from you?

The moment Kim Namwoon's shortsword got closer in the blink of an eye and took
aim at my neck...

Claaang\!

The sword's trajectory streaming before my eyes deflected his shortsword.

As the heavy impact force resounded out, both Yoo Joonghyuk and Kim Namwoon
were forced back a couple of steps.

\[Hahaha\! This is it\! This is that feeling\!

Blood trickled down the 'Monarch of the Great Abyss's' hand after that
collision against the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\].

Do you have any idea how long I've been waiting for this? Do you know how
long I had to wander aimlessly just for a chance to fight against you?\!

The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', the being who travelled through the
inordinate amount of time just to revive that one opponent he had been
idolising.

\[Giant Story, 'Delusional Design', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The 999th turn's Uriel supported the wobbling Lee Jihye and got into the
battle stance as well. You told me this once before. If, by any chance,
you've become another existence that's not you, you wanted me to kill you
personally.

Along with the blinding explosion, the sun in the air began emitting light
once more.

Looks like that time is now.

What blocked the outpouring of the heatwave was the forged steel completely
filling up our view.

 You must escape. I can't stop them by myself.

The 999th turn's Lee Hyunsung was different from the others as he wasn't
summoned as the 'calamity'. Meaning, unlike them, he didn't enjoy the 'grace
of the scenario'.

"Kim Dokja\!"

Almost at the same time, my companions arrived on site.

Han Sooyoung flying on the back of the Black Flame Dragon was the first to
ask. "What happened here??"

"As you can see."

She bit down on her lip, hard.

I didn't say anything else and instead, looked at my companions. At Jung
Heewon, Shin Yoosung, Lee Gilyoung, Lee Jihye, and Yoo Sangah...

"This is the final hurdle."

They should also probably guessed it.

"I ask of you this. Please, make sure not to die."

At least during this fight, even I was helpless to protect my companions.

Kwa-aaaaah\!

Along with the impact force akin to heaven and earth upending, violent tsunami
waves and sunlight intermingled. Blades clashing against each other could be
spied within the rising white foams trying to blind our view.

The blackish light sliced into the ocean.

Yoo Joonghyuk was fighting  while enduring against the combined assaults of
the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon and Uriel, he was displaying a shocking level of
martial prowess.

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The hidden, shored-up power strong enough to contend with two 'Kings', now
that was Yoo Joonghyuk's true strength. Every Story he had built up all this
time was exploding forth simultaneously.

\['Disconnected Film Theory's' connection is incomplete\!\]

\[Cracks are developing in the Story's continuity\!\]

Unfortunately, the balance couldn't be maintained forever.

"Dokja-ssi."

I shifted my head to find Jung Heewon there. The Archangel's blinding wings
were spreading out from her back.

The Beast Lord Shin Yoosung, the Naval Admiral Lee Jihye, and the Emperor of
Steelsword, Lee Hyunsung. My companions who lived a different life compared to
the original storyline, and thus were currently marching towards a different
resolution.

We glanced at each other and nodded.

"I'll help Joonghyuk-ssi, so the rest of you, please take care of that side\!"

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is unleashing her Status\!\]

Jung Heewon spread her wings wide and flew towards Yoo Joonghyuk under the
blessing of Uriel. It seemed that that was the Archangel's choice. She now
knew that the 'Outer God King' happened to be herself from the far-flung
distant future, so...

I told you this before. Without the Nebula's grace, you can't oppose me.

The \[Flames of Retribution\] soaring through the sky as if to puncture it was
now crashing back down towards the ocean.

However, we had no time to worry about Jung Heewon. Because there was yet
another existence pouring out her boundless Status in our direction at the
moment.

Among the parting, exploding waves, the 999th turn's Lee Jihye was staring at
us with her hollow eyes.

"Everyone, please evade\!"

Yoo Sangah stepped forward and distorted the time and space. Unfortunately,
Sakyamuni's ability was useless when facing the true might of that 'Outer God
King'.

Along with the loud ripping noise, the distorted time/space was forcibly
spread open.

The battleship of the 999th turn's Lee Jihye was now rising up from the depths
of the ocean. The \[Turtle Dragon\] of the 'Master of the Sunken Island'
resembled more of an island rather than a ship at this stage.

"Ahjussi\!"

Sensing the danger, Shin Yoosung had her \[Chimera Dragon\] spew out its
Breath. And when she did, all aquatic creatures hiding below the water's
surface rushed out, as well.

Gyaaaah-ooooh\!

Monsters screeching out viciously pounced on the battleship's hull. However,
the island was simply far too large for them to stop. The loud noises of
monsters being crushed could be heard next. The wide expanse of the ocean
vibrated heavily and the tsunami wave rolled out.

"Hyung, take a step back\! Hurry\!"

"Kim Dokja, disappear to the back already, will ya?\!"

My companions surrounded me as if to protect me and began desperately fighting
back.

I was aware of why they were doing this, of course. And I also knew what they
were scared of, too.

I, I only have to erase everything. The 999th turn's Lee Jihye was crying
out beyond the tidal waves. Everything, it can be made anew. It's nothing at
all. Then, captain will realize it, too\! He will know that this world can be
destroyed at any time. That it's possible, that the world we lived in was the
real deal...\!\!

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

A huge tsunami crashed in, accompanied by the round of cannon shelling vicious
enough to blow up the entire ocean. The wave's scale was the largest we had
ever seen.

If that thing continued on its way, then even if my mother was there, the
Korean Peninsula was as good as finished.

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Han Sooyoung's expression changed for the worse as she shouted out. "Kim
Dokja\! If you do anything stupid...\!"

"Don't worry."

I lightly patted her shoulder and stepped forward. The scenes of the scenarios
we experienced together flitted in and out of my view.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling\!\]

Every time a new Giant Story was created, I had to risk certain death. I
believed that was the only way, and thought that was the correct way.

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', is looking at you.\]

The constrictive headband, this shackle that my companions personally placed
on me, tightened on my head. When I was earning that Giant Story, I didn't
die. I knew very well that this was their intentions.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!\!

The tsunami wave got closer and closer. This power wasn't something even a
Myth-grade could stop.

However, Kim Dokja knew a way to deal with this tsunami wave.

Back during the last scenario of the original storyline, when Yoo Joonghyuk
was waging the final war against the 'Outer Gods', there was a similar moment
to this one.

At that time, there was a certain Constellation beside Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Constellation. 'Most Ancient Liberator', is now looking at you.\]

A single 'Myth-grade Constellation' couldn't deal with the 'great apocalypse'.
However, what if there were two?

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is looking at the 'Most Ancient
Liberator'.\]

I would never sacrifice myself ever again. I'd not leave my companions behind.
Just like how Yoo Joonghyuk didn't want to give up on this life, I shall not
give up even until the end.

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

The sole 'Giant Story' that I possessed that could become the power to fight
off against the 'Outer God King'  however, I wasn't the one possessing the
greatest share of this Giant Story.

"Great Sage\!"

I sensed four rings connecting with each other inside my head.

\['Meihouwang' is agreeing to your request.\]

\['Bimawen' is agreeing to your request.\]

\['Douzhanshengfo' is agreeing to your request.\]

The overflowing Story began transforming my Incarnation Body.

\['Great Sage Heaven's Equal' is agreeing to your request.\]

My hair grew in an instant and changed to platinum colour. The aura of
boundless Story flowed like rapid torrents within all of my veins. And then, I
felt the fulfilling sensation of the Ruyi Jingu Bang's grip in my hand.

\[The power of five 'Sun Wukongs' have incarnated into your Incarnation
Body\!\]

The golden-hued Status settled on top of my coat. The battlefield of the
Tongtian was being recreated above the surrounding ocean.

Just as the lightning bolt struck, I heard the familiar voice.

\[Let's go, maknae-yah.\]

I nodded my head.


