### Chapter 476: Ep. 90 - One Person, V

I sensed the power of a vast Story oozing out from Yoo Joonghyuk's entire
frame.

\[<Star Stream> can't take its eyes away from the Incarnation, 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'\!\]

The will of the entire world was now paying attention to him.

\[Absolute majority of Constellations watching the scenario have raised their
wariness due to the existence of Incarnation, 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

\[Constellations of the 'Final Scenario' are stunned by the Story of
Incarnation, 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

\[Portion of the Bureau's Great Dokkaebis are demanding a Probability
Suitability Evaluation\!\]

\[The 'King of Stories' has rejected the demand.\]

\[The Probability Suitability Evaluation is restricted within the applicable
scenario.\]

Every single Yoo Joonghyuk's Story that I knew felt 'complete' now. This
feeling couldn't simply be described as him merely becoming stronger. This
'Yoo Joonghyuk' before my eyes was a different existence to the one I became
familiar with.

I got a little tense as I asked him. "Our companions?"

"Safe."

"You being here means the 'Secretive Plotter' has decided to do me that
favour, right?"

My final alternative plan in case even the plan B failed was to awake the
sleeping Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' currently has abnormally activated the
'Disconnected Film Theory'.\]

Tsu-chut...

\[Film's connection is incomplete\!\]

\[The entire film may cease to exist if this connection is forcibly
maintained.\]

The last-ditch method that I didn't want to resort to if at all possible, yet
simply had to when left with no other options  the greatest ace up our sleeve
we currently possessed.

\['Yoo Joonghyuks' of all the regression turns are now looking at you.\]

And I felt distant, numerous gazes coming from within him. Suddenly, I had
this ominous foreboding. What if this Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't the 'Yoo Joonghyuk'
that I knew of...?

"Excuse me, but which regression turn Yoo Joonghyuk are you?"

He then stared at me. I could see the thick scar on his cheek, a wound the 3rd
turn Yoo Joonghyuk didn't possess. I was about to ask something else, but
then, several sentences flowed out from his body as if to shut my mouth.

Terror of All Stars

Strongest Incarnation in Star Stream's history

The Iron-blooded Supreme King

The Usurper of the Scenarios

The history he had lived so far was floating up as the crude, coarse sentences
from the 'Ways of Survival'. The sentences gathered to become a Story, and
that story soon became the man standing before my eyes, the existence that
waded past 1864 lives.

"I am Yoo Joonghyuk."

He was not Yoo Joonghyuk from any of the regression turns. Not from the 0th
turn, not from the 1st, and not even from the 1863rd.

He was simply Yoo Joonghyuk from all regression turns.

...Captain??

The 999th turn's Lee Jihye dazedly looked at us, her eyes wide open in
disbelief.

And then, another Lee Jihye shouted out at that girl. "Master\! Hurry\! Take
care of her\! She's trying to destroy our world-line\!"

She yelled out with so much anger.

I was thinking of adding something there. However, such thoughts scattered
away the moment I saw Yoo Joonghyuk's side profile. He didn't bother to assume
the attacking stance and simple stared at the two 'Outer Gods' present here.

\[Character, 'Master of the Sunken Island', is looking at the character, 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

\[Character, 'King of the Silver Heart', is looking at the character, 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

And the two people from the 999th turn was staring back at him in return.

Lee Hyunsung looked quite agitated at the moment. This story... But, it can't...
Could it be, really...?

Just like how I was searching for the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' I knew from this
particular Yoo Joonghyuk, they were now looking for the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' they
recognised.

\[3rd turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is remaining silent.\]

\[41st turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is remaining silent.\]

\[362nd turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is remaining silent.\]

\[666th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is remaining silent.\]

There was no point in becoming one anymore as Yoo Joonghyuks were being torn
apart within those gazes. They were searching for the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' they
recognised and were shoving away other 'Yoo Joonghyuks' in the process. They
eliminated those they couldn't understand and tried so hard to find that one
'Yoo Joonghyuk' they recognised.

And so, how long passed by like that?

\[999th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is slowly opening his eyes.\]

And one of them finally discovered something among the patchwork of 'Yoo
Joonghyuks'.

Capt...\!\]

Just before the 'Master of the Sunken Island' could take a large stride
forward, the air before her split apart with a single ray of light.
Accompanied by choking heat, a blinding beam of light crashed down like a
lightning bolt.

Yoo Joonghyuk lightly swung his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] to deflect that
beam of light.

That man is not the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' that you remember.

There was no need to ask who it could be.

He's simply the 'Outer God' who stole the 'Yoo Joonghyuk' we know of\!

The 'Living Flame', 999th turn's Uriel, cried out.

She lived only for the purpose of killing the 'Secretive Plotter'. And she
came this far to finally have her vengeance. The conflagration became even
more vicious on her \[Flames of Retribution\].

The one to try and stop her was the 'Master of the Sunken Island'.

H-hold on. Stop, Uriel. That 'Captain' is...\!

Don't be fooled. The 'Secretive Plotter' is permeating within him. Meaning,
he's the sworn enemy we've been searching for after all this time\!

And right next moment...

Holy shit, so that's the captain from this world-line? Been a while, but
still, he's so damn scary...

Finally, even the last 'King' arrived in the location.

He took a look around the battlefield, then spoke with his eyes almost bulging
out of his face. T-there are two Jihyes here?\!

...It was the 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon.

\[All 'Outer God Kings' have gathered in one place\!\]

\[Every Constellation in <Star Stream> is paying close attention to this
battlefield\!\]

\[Every Nebula in <Star Stream> is fearful of the advent of the fallen
beings.\]

\[A large number of Constellations are revealing their animosity\!\]

They simply ignored whatever the stars were saying and quietly studied each
other.

The 'Living Flame' that rises up from the east.

The 'Master of the Sunken Island', the calamity of the world in the west.

The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', the ruler of the northern universe.

The 'King of the Silver Heart', the ruler of the interstellar space in the
south.

And the 'Great Plotter' that crawls from the place of nothing.

The plan I began cooking up bit by bit ever since I discovered their names
within the book written by the 'Recorder of Fear' and deduced their
identities...

I sneaked a glance at Yoo Joonghyuk. The original plan A was actually supposed
to begin from here.

 Yoo Joonghyuk.

My signal prompted him to step forward.

The Chaotic aura of an Outer God enveloped him, and he spoke in the true
voice. Everyone has gathered, I see.

Those words contained emotions that I couldn't even fathom. However, someone
present here still managed to do just that.

Captain. I knew it. It is you, right? But how...

You dare to use yet another underhanded method...\!\!

The \[Flames of Retribution\] scythed past the air and flew in. The \[Black
Heavenly Demon Sword\] containing the power of the Transcendent rose up to
deflect the flames.

As the friction noises loudly tangled up with waves of magical energy, Yoo
Joonghyuk raised his voice. Been a while, Uriel. My old companion-in-arms.

Shut up\! You are not Yoo Joonghyuk\! You are...\!\! The 999th turn's Uriel
shouted out as if she had been made fun of just now. Conflagration of
destruction spread out everywhere and ignited the oxygen in the air. Within
this hell of choking, hard-to-breathe dry heat, she continued to speak. The
Yoo Joonghyuk I knew died in that place.

Her Stories growled like a wounded wolf. Her expression could only be made by
someone who lost something far too precious to her. And while carrying such an
expression, she pointed her sword at us.

And it was you bastard who killed him.

Her Story was crying out now.

\[I'll kill him. I'll definitely kill him. Without a doubt, I shall make sure
to kill him.\]

The 999th turn's Uriel held onto Yoo Joonghyuk's Incarnation Body wasting away
due to the 'Other World Pledge' and cried in sorrow.

\[Regardless of what needs to be done, even if that means crossing world-
lines, I will definitely avenge you. Even if I end up leaving the side of Good
to become Evil\!\!\]

And so, the 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' became the 'Living Flame'. She was an
Archangel who chose to become an 'Outer God' for the sake of her vengeance.
That was her reason for being here.

'Yoo Joonghyuk' doesn't die. Only the regression waits.

Shut up\! Such words won't...\!

Yoo Joonghyuk deflected some more flames tinged with boundless rage and
continued on. He awoke again, and lived through the 1000th turn. He then
died, only to move onto the 1001st. And so, he continued to live on and on.
And on.

I too know of that life. A life that no one remembered, a life that he
couldn't share with anyone else. Yoo Joonghyuk continued to live such a life
all alone.

And eventually, he became me.

Uriel pounced, looking as if she had heard something she shouldn't have. She
swung her \[Flames of Retribution\] in desperation, cutting his side, then
slicing into his stomach. And in a blink, her blade circled around and took
aim at his neck. He didn't try to stop her, as if this was the just punishment
he'd been waiting for. And then...

Like magic, Uriel's blade came to a halt.

You, you, you... are...

Uriel probably knew this, too  that her vengeance could never be fulfilled.
Because the one who stole away her most precious companion-in-arms happened to
be the very same companion, that's why.

Yoo Joonghyuk spoke to her. If you want, go ahead and kill me. The 'Secretive
Plotter' who took your world-line away is none other than me, after all.

Uriel howled out in anguish, then cried out loudly.

Just as her sword moved again, the ocean exploded along with the loud 'Ka-
boom\!\!'

Her sword was flung in the air. The Flames of Retribution stabbed into the
ocean, and slowly sank beneath the waves while vaporising the water.

Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't responsible for that.

Shu-wuuuu...

The cannon smoke rose up from the other side of the waves. It was the 999th
turn's Lee Jihye who fired a shell.

That's enough, Uriel. Her voice was thickly tinged with joy and madness as
she carried on. Yes, we know it, too. We already knew it all too well...

She staggered across the ocean's surface and approached this side. Yoo
Joonghyuk didn't avoid her pale hand.

Captain. You're inside somewhere, right? You've become something else now,
but you as you are definitely inside, right? You're still alive, right??

Rather than tears, Chaos flooded out from Lee Jihye's eyes like fine powder
seemingly made out from the pitch-black darkness. He looked at her and nodded
his head.

\[999th turn's 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is looking at his old companion-in-arms.\]

The 999th turn's Lee Jihye grasped onto his sleeve and slowly crumbled.

I could only look at his back. His back, where I couldn't read his expressions
at all.

It was the trickery of the world-line that caused Yoo Joonghyuk to become
many.

Yoo Joonghyuk who lived during the 0th turn became the 1st turn's Yoo
Joonghyuk, then he became the 2nd turn's. And the 2nd turn went on to become
the 3rd  and then, the 4th.

Abnormal events of the past and future interfering with each other ran rampant
and made everyone forget that crucial fact, but this was the undeniable truth.

A regressor actually doesn't regress. What actually regresses isn't him, but
everything else excluding him.

The time for everyone else would rewind, but his own time would continue to
march forward.

Even though the world-lines had split up and some became the 1864th turn's Yoo
Joonghyuk while someone else became the 'Secretive Plotter', but still...

From the beginning, he was just 'one person' who kept walking on one
continuous, unbroken path.

However, could these people be able to handle the truth?

Someone only lived on for the sake of her revenge.

Uriel, still raising her flames.

Someone only lived on for the sake of continuing on with his will.

Lee Hyunsung, who couldn't shed tears anymore.

Someone only lived on for the sake of fighting him one more time.

Kim Namwoon, standing askew in the air and glaring daggers in this direction.

And someone only lived on for the sake of reviving those times she lived
alongside him.

Lee Jihye, currently crumpled, looking vacant.

Yoo Joonghyuk told them that 'regression couldn't change anything'. However,
his regression did change someone's life. The 'Yoo Joonghyuk' was the world to
these people. A world that helped them live on even after their own world-line
was annihilated.

Kim Dokja's plan was precisely about this 'world'.

If, by any chance, these people still remembered their world even now...

And, if they accepted this 'Yoo Joonghyuk' once more as their captain, then...

If so, then there might not be a reason to continue with this battle.

If you're really the captain, then... You must know what I want, then. The
999th turn's Lee Jihye smiled brightly. Let's go back, captain. Let's start
from the beginning again. She held onto his wrist and spoke. Let's destroy
this world-line together. Huh? We made a deal with the Dokkaebi King, you see?
If we destroy this world-line, he will send us back. He will get in touch with
your Sponsor, the 'Oldest Dream', and...

I hurriedly looked at him.

 Yoo Joonghyuk.

He must never stimulate them negatively here. No, he definitely needed to use
the most suitable words to win them over. Even if he had to lie, he needed to
agree, before it was too...

"Lee Jihye."

Yoo Joonghyuk looked at her and spoke. Not through his true voice, but with
his physical voice.

The 999th turn's Lee Jihye shrunk her shoulders when subjected under his gaze.
Just like on that day when she first learned to wield her sword from her
master.

"Is that what you really want?"

...

"Do you believe that you'll become happy if everything reverts to how it was
back then?"

The captain I knew, he... He'd never say things like that. The 999th turn's
Lee Jihye bit her lip and let go of his hand. He's someone who regressed 999
times. He didn't falter even when living through that inordinate amount of
time. That man, he'd never say something so weak, and...

"A man who regressed 999 times can grow tired by the 1000th," said Yoo
Joonghyuk in a voice so honest that even I was left stunned. "Even if one
endured 1000 lifetimes, one can still give up during the 1001st."

The voice was so thick with boundless fatigue that even I became dazed by it.

There's no way... That's not possible. The captain I remember is...\!

"He would not give up. Indeed. However, if that's everything you remember
about 'Yoo Joonghyuk', then..."

I needed to say something. I need to tell him that he must not say these
things. But I couldn't.

"...Then, that Yoo Joonghyuk is dead."

That was his heart laid bare. A man who lived 1864 lifetimes, a man who had
never truly expressed himself, had finally bared his soul.

Lee Jihye cried out, sounding more like a shriek. Not true\! That can't be
true\!\!

"He shall not regress anymore."

I saw some things sparkle in the distant sky  they were stars.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is scanning the vicinity with an
anxious face\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is asking about his maknae's well-
being\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', declares that he will use both
of his hands this time\!\]

Stars that watched our stories from a very long time ago were approaching this
side. And beyond them, our companions were also rushing towards us.

Han Sooyoung, Yoo Sangah, Jung Heewon... The people from <Kim Dokja's Company>
who had lived with us in this world. Within the darkness brought on by the
fading sunset, they looked like one giant constellation.

Yoo Joonghyuk, now as one person, took in that sight and raised his voice.

"I can't go back. My final regression turn is this one."


