### Chapter 491: Ep. 93 - Omniscient Author's Viewpoint, V

That was Kim Dokja. That sentence, it definitely came from him. She didn't
need to hear his voice to know that.

Han Sooyoung wrote the next sentence.

What's this, you were alright?

Being an author didn't mean you were in control of every word you write. And
also, she was the type of person who could only write stuff like that.
However, Kim Dokja should be able to read that fine. Because he was the
greatest reader she knew.

Knock.

Along with a slight knocking noise, she heard his laughter. Sounds of weapons
clashing coming from everywhere hurt her ears. Her companions were still
bitterly fighting. No time to leisurely waste time, in other words.

You knew this would happen from the get-go, didn't you?

...

She couldn't clearly see the sentence written on the wall. As if, the
communication earlier was just a pure fluke of really low odds.

Hey, you\! Write legibly, will ya?\!

Even though Jang Hayoung was helping out here, Kim Dokja's message still
couldn't be seen.

\['Wall of Impossible Communication' is unleashing its power\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Far too many sentences were aimlessly floating above the wall.

Every single one of them happened to be what she and the rest of the
companions said to Kim Dokja. Some of them were clear to see, while some were
indistinct.

"Sooyoung-ah."

"...I know."

While listening to Jang Hayoung's voice, Han Sooyoung reached out to the wall
one more time. She tried really hard to find Kim Dokja's message by combining
the floating sentences.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Target is an existence you can't understand\!\]

What connected each letter was context. Letters cast out in the sea without
context were akin to a book that had been created to be unreadable.

"I'm going home now."

"You'll lend me a spare battery when we go camping?"

All she could do now was to connect those context-less sentences somehow.
Inject context into these nonsensical sentences to give them meaning. Shuffle
those that weren't plot development so that they looked like it.

However, it was not enough. No matter how she connected them, there would
always be some part without meaning.

"Kim Dokja\! Say something\! What is the plan?\! Just what do you want us to
do here?\!"

No reply came back to her. The roaring Outer God King was still battling the
Constellations. The heavily-bleeding companions were collapsing within the
storm of aftermaths.

Han Sooyoung gritted her teeth. It was fine if Kim Dokja didn't want to say
it. The important part was reading his intentions. His intentions of making
such a move without letting his companions know of his plans.

It was to figure out his thought process on choosing to become the Outer God
King.

It was then words began gathering one by one.

If the Ways of Survival was behind a paywall, just how much have I used it so
far?

If I had 20,000,000 in my bank account, what would I feel?

If there are two rooms, then how does the remaining one get filled up,
usually?

"...If I had met you back in the normal world, I would never ever have become
your friend."

Those words seemed randomly thrown out like a memo. She still collected those
words and sentences, anyway.

An excellent writer had to be an excellent reader first. And Han Sooyoung knew
a way to read such things.

How does one go about making money?

One had to accept that sometimes, you'll run into a sentence you can't
comprehend yet and flip the page over. Just so that, one day, you'd able to
read that sentence when you did return to the very same page later.

\[Target is an existence you can't understand\!\]

There was no choice but to desperately flip the pages over and over again, and
then some more, to gather as many clues on those impossible sentences.

Doesn't my life have money-making Probability or something?

Tsu-chuchuchu...\!

She saw Jung Heewon kneeling down in the distance. Lee Seolhwa ran over and
supported her, while Yoo Sangah and Lee Hyunsung blocked the weapons flying in
her direction.

\[Bureau's Probability is restricting your interference in the scenario\!\]

Kim Dokja was right. Probability was to blame for everything.

The reason why he was poor, why they ended up in this state.

\[Bureau's Probability is confining your body\!\]

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Probability in this world was basically power. The scenario would flow towards
those possessing more plausible Probability.

\[Your Nebula has violated far too much Probability.\]

Han Sooyoung knew that. This storm of aftermath was the reward for overcoming
many dangerous situations through sheer luck. They had so many companions yet
none were lost on their way to the Final Scenario.

On the other hand, other Incarnations had to sacrifice so much more trying to
get this far.

Why only they...

This is unfair.

Do you know how hard we had to struggle to get this far?

<Kim Dokja's Company> had violated far too much Probability. No one was
sacrificed when one was needed. Or, more correctly, only one person got
continuously sacrificed.

"Kim Dokja."

He died multiple times and got resurrected again.

He even revived someone that should've died. While using the revival
attribute, or even visiting the Underworld, and going so far as to alter the
future.

And that's why Kim Dokja had to become the Enemy of the Story.

Because all the Giant Stories <Kim Dokja's Company> had compiled didn't have
enough Probability.

Han Sooyoung grasped at the sentences as if she was scratching the wall. It
was then a new sentence suddenly floated up.

"For the time being, you take over the Nebula's safe."

This was a conversation she had with Kim Dokja not too long ago.

"...What's this? I might end up spending it all, you know?"

She received the authority to manage the safe via the system. She wondered
what possessed Mister Miser Kim Dokja to do this. Back then, she figured that
he was simply too lazy to manage the finances and dumped the job on her
shoulders, instead.

\[Would you like to confirm the current balance?\]

However, would that Kim Dokja really hand over the 'safe' to someone else with
that reasoning?

As if she had been entranced, Han Sooyoung opened the safe.

"Wow, you saved up a lot, haven't you. What a miserly guy you are. What are
you planning to do by saving up this much, though?"

"They have their uses."

There was a humongous amount of Coins saved up in the safe. More than enough
treasure to tempt any star was hidden inside there. And this was the most
basic currency of sponsorship, and the power source to move the scenario.

One of the most powerful Stories in this world is \[Coins\].

However, there weren't all that many things one could do with Coins now,
whether that was reinforcing the Incarnation Bodies or purchasing stuff from
the \[Dokkaebi Bunble\].

That's why she was quite curious. What was the point of so obsessively
hoarding all these Coins?

\[Will you spend these Coins for the growth of the 'Giant Story'?\]

And then, Han Sooyoung finally realized that very reason.

"I will."

\[Nebula's cache of 143,245,199 Coins will be paid to the Probability\!\]

Ku-gugugugu\!

The moment her declaration came to an end, Stories rushed in like wild
predators lusting after fresh meat. Entrancing golden light blanketed the
companions.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is greedily gorging on the Coin's
Story\!\]

\[Giant Story Torch that Swallowed the Myth's figure is ballooning up\!\]

\[Giant Story Season of Light and Darkness's contrast is getting even
clearer\!\]

The Giant Stories would grow to possess even more power by devouring the
available funds. The Story's details would be realized more faithfully,
viscerally, and also more colourfully.

Ku-gugugugu\!

When the strengths of the Giant Stories began resisting the Bureau's
Probability, both the Great Dokkaebis and Constellations began panicking.

Jung Heewon's sword grew lighter and lighter, while Lee Hyunsung's shield was
getting sturdier and sturdier. Monstrous beasts and insect kings Shin Yoosung
and Lee Gilyoung summoned began tearing into the Constellations in the back.

"Fire\!\!"

Lee Jihye's battleship began firing its cannons and the Incarnations in the
frontlines dissipated without a trace.

Unfortunately, their higher odds of victory lasted only for a brief while.

\[Bureau's Probability has increased its level of restriction\!\]

The jet-black rifts began spreading in the heavens from the excessive usage of
the Probability. The entire stage for the scenario was shaking unsteadily.

Stories began leaking out from the mouths of several Great Dokkaebis. They had
bet their lives on this must-win battle. In order to create the conclusion
they wanted to see, these Dokkaebis personally jumped into the scenario and
willingly became the part of the story.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

"Black Flame Dragon\!"

Powerful \[Black Flame\] wrapped around Han Sooyoung. While filtering away
attacks coming in at her, more \[Black Flames\] were fired out. Right next to
her, Jan Hayoung was relying on the Murim's skills to guard her back.

Why did Kim Dokja entrust her with this role?

There was someone better suited for this job, the protagonist of a certain
story. However, Kim Dokja still entrusted this job to her.

Su-susususu...

Jang Hayoung's wall was scattering away again. It was going away after
exhausting all its powers.

The Bureau's restrictions made it harder to even breathe.

Kim Dokja, momentarily within reach, grew distant again. The flow of the story
was once more going over to the Great Dokkaebis. Han Sooyoung cried out.

\[Your  is 'Neverending Story'.\]

A story where none would be lost.

A story, where everyone would live together in a huge house at the end of all
the scenarios.

The companions were fighting for that simple dream. However, their Probability
wasn't enough and that dream couldn't become reality.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is now looking at his own
Incarnation.\]

It was right then, a lightbulb flashed brightly in her head.

Not enough Probability?

The reason why Kim Dokja entrusted this role to Han Sooyoung and not Yoo
Joonghyuk.

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is looking at Incarnation 'Han
Sooyoung'.\]

Drip, drip...

Blood dripped down from her wounded shoulder. Han Sooyoung haphazardly wrapped
some bandages around the injury and looked up at the sky.

There they were, distant stars of <Star Stream>, visible among the storm of
sparks raining down. Far, far more Constellations than ever before were
watching the last moments of this world.

\[Many Constellations are dissatisfied with this scenario's development\!\]

\[Quite a number of Constellations are criticising the tyranny of the Bureau
and the Myth-grade Constellations...\!\]

Han Sooyoung suddenly smiled insidiously. "That's right. You were all
Constellations..."

Kim Dokja should've known this. Because he too was a Constellation.

He was a reader who knew better than anyone on how to make a scenario more
entertaining and even tenser than before.

And that's why Kim Dokja hadn't said anything to his companions.

Han Sooyoung clenched her hand tightly. Since she had spent all the Coins, she
was now literally empty-handed.

However, Kim Dokja hadn't just left her with Coins only.

"...When the first scenario started, you all said this to us. That we had been
living for free. So, we should start paying the price for that."

What Kim Dokja had left behind was...

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is focusing on Incarnation Han
Sooyoung's words.\]

\[Constellation, 'One-eyed Maitreya', is focusing on Incarnation Han
Sooyoung's words.\]

...The entirety of their lives lived so far.

"What you said back then, I'm returning it in full back to you."

Along with Han Sooyoung's signal, Biyoo shut the channel off as if she was
waiting for that.

And then, the Constellations' channel went dark.

\[Channel BY-9158's all broadcast screens have been blocked.\]

\[Constellation, 'Heavenly Wind God', is panicking at the sudden blackout\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Joseon's Number One Sorcerer', wishes to see what happens
next\!\]

After the world had fallen into darkness, the panicky voices of Constellations
from other scenario locations watching the channel could be heard resounding
out.

Every subscriber had to go through Biyoo's channel to watch the <Kim Dokja's
Company>'s story. Even those subscribing to other channels had no choice but
to see this world through Biyoo's, at least at this moment.

"From now on, our story will be a paid service."


