### Chapter 457: Ep. 86 - The square circle, IV

The time limit for the scenario was until midnight today. It was already nine
PM, so there were less than three hours remaining.

...How did the time fly by so quickly, anyway?

I heard that happy moments would pass you by really quickly. It must've been
true.

Four complaints still need to be answered. And only three hours remain.

No matter what, I was cutting it real close. From the beginning, solving five
of such difficult missions was clearly forcing it.

In the end, I decided to resort to 'that'.

"Biyoo-yah."

Dokkaebis had jurisdiction over sub scenarios, so she should be able to
control one just fine.

Also, since the failure penalty was not 'death' but 'death\(?\)', I was
thinking that they wouldn't kill me for real, and... Biyoo wasn't answering.

"Where are you, our cute little Biyoo?"

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is cackling at your ill
fortune.\]

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is urging you to seriously
carry this scenario out...\]

Seeing that the channel was open, Biyoo must be nearby for sure, but...?

I decided to pull out the hidden trump card.

"Baat."

That caused the empty air to quiver a little, then a ball of cotton with a
small horn attached on top rose out from there.

\[Abaat.\]

Biyoo popped out with a "Poof\!" and began giggling away.

I didn't smile back, though. "Biyoo-yah. I'm sorry about this, but can you,
like, cancel this scenario...?"

\[Eh-oh-bah-aht.\]

I couldn't tell whether she was trying to say 'eva' or 'over'.

\[Constellations agreeing with the applicable scenario's Probability are
rejecting the scenario cancellation.\]

...Hang on, could this be a bounty scenario, instead?

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is arguing that this scenario is
a necessity for you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is criticising you, telling you
not to use a cowardly method.\]

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is saying that if you're a true
companion to them, then you should use your valour and tenacious spirit to...\]

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', is simply denying the cancellation.\]

...They are in sync with each other only in times like this, aren't they?

"...Yes, yes. I get it now."

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is cheering on his maknae.\]

I couldn't really get used to the new Modifier for the Great Sage Heaven's
Equal. We parted ways right away after the 'Journey to the West' scenario came
to an end, but I knew we'd get to see each other soon enough.

In any case... Who should it be? Who should I speak to next? It should be
someone holding the highest amount of complaints towards me, right?

I studied my companions one by one, leisurely sitting around together after
that fulfilling supper. That was when the \[Midday Tryst\] came flying in my
way.

 What are you looking at?

Okay, let's skip Han Sooyoung for now. Her problems weren't on the level that
I could fix anyway.

 You making fun of me?

I continued to search for the next candidate. The next two I spotted were
Yoosung-ie and Gilyoung-ie. While looking at the two lying side by side and
patting their slightly bulging tummies, it almost felt as if the \[Fruit of
Good and Evil\] was whispering to me from deep inside my mind.

If it's their troubles, can't I easily solve them?

Even if I set aside the cowardly reason for now, I still needed to have a
serious talk with Gilyoung-ie.

\[Constellation Lee Gilyoung's Sponsor is staring at you.\]

Although he looked the same on the outside as before, Lee Gilyoung's Status
had a faint trace of demonic aura permeating it. Would it be okay to talk to
him now? However, wasn't it too open here?

\[Constellation, 'Master of Sky Walk', is observing your actions.\]

\[Constellation, 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius', is focusing her attention on
you.\]

Not only that, Constellations were watching us, too. I couldn't really imagine
how the channel's Constellations would react if I went and carelessly got in
touch with 'that side' now.

Even then, I should at least talk to him...

\[Currently, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' 2nd Stage is in activation.\]

...The inside of my head rang with a "Bzz\!" and the skill was activated
forcibly once more. This was happening rather often lately. I wasn't sure
whether it was because I read the 'Ways of Survival' too much, or due to some
other reason, but...

Ba-dump, ba-dump, ba-dump, ba-dump

Their voices soon entered my head.

Dokja hyung will come and talk to me, right?

Is he coming over now?

...Huh?

I better tell him about a biiiig problem.

I must tell him something really shocking.

...What if Shin Yoosung talks about something bigger than mine?

I definitely must say something more shocking than Lee Gilyoung.

My steps came to a halt.

...It was not because I was scared of the kids, though. Anyways. I shifted my
gaze to the person crouching next to them, instead.

...I miss them.

Lee Jihye with a sad expression was looking at the distant sky. She was an
energetic chatterbox usually, so it was rare to see her make such face.

I could guess who she was referring to when she said she missed them.

The first scenario would've been a nightmare to everyone, but it must've been
especially worse for her. Even if the <Kim Dokja's Company> was here for her,
one person couldn't really substitute for someone else.

I wordlessly approached her and lightly poked her on the shoulder. Lee Jihye
looked behind at me. "Uht? what's this, ahjussi? You finished with the
dishes?"

"Yeah."

"H-mm... Wait, did you come here because of the scenario?"

"It's not entirely about that. But..."

"I don't have any particular complaints, so you don't need to talk to me,
though? Why don't you speak to others first?"

Even now, she was worried about others. No matter how badly she was hurting,
she was still thinking of other people's pain first. Lee Jihye from Chungmuro
grew up like that. And she grew up into an adult like that, too.

"You can talk to me any time. If you don't want to talk to me, then it'll be
fine with someone else, too. But you don't have to huddle in a corner and let
it fester inside you."

Maybe she didn't expect me to say something like that, because Lee Jihye began
blinking her eyes next.

"Ahjussi, don't try to act cool, okay?"

She smirked and punched me in the shin with her sturdy fist. I thought my bone
was broken or something.

\[You have currently resolved 1 complaint.\]

A simple chat on this level couldn't resolve Lee Jihye's troubles. Even then,
I still had to speak to her.

She lightly shook her beer glass around and while standing up, spoke to me.
"...Alright, then. Since I'm full, I should go and stretch my limbs for a bit."

"You shouldn't exercise after drinking, you know."

"I feel fine, though?"

Seeing her swing her sword about like that, she definitely was her master's
student, alright.

...Hang on a bit. Now that I thought about it, there was one guy who should be
the most dissatisfied by me around here, wasn't there?

I quickly scanned the campsite, but strangely enough, I couldn't locate that
idiot no matter how hard I looked.

"Hey, you deaf?? When someone is calling you, you should..."

Along with a resounding 'Slap\!' someone smacked me in the back of the head.

I looked behind and spoke to the culprit. "Hey, Han Sooyoung..."

"What now?"

"Where is Yoo Joonghyuk?"

"Yoo Joonghyuk? He was over th... Uh?"

Only then did she realize it, too. Honestly speaking, that guy usually acted
on his own and often disappeared on us without warning, so this shouldn't come
across as all that surprising. The problem had to with the fact that he didn't
disappear alone this time.

Han Sooyoung looked into the wide-open rear door of the \[X-grade
Ferrarghini\] and spoke up. "...The 'Secretive Plotter' is gone, too."

  

* * *

  

The 'Secretive Plotter' surrounded in the transparent Sealing Sphere landed on
the ground with a thud and roughly rolled around in the dirt. He was still
unconscious. Yoo Joonghyuk quietly looked down on him, then slowly unsheathed
the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and addressed the Plotter.

"I know that you're already awake."

The Secretive Plotter slowly opened his eyes. Accompanied by faint sparks,
energy from a Story surged throughout his body. For a moment there, his
Stories were returning to him.

You don't seem to know how to enjoy these brief moments of peace.

"I don't have a habit of enjoying my peace with an enemy near me."

Are you planning to kill me? That is indeed a wise move. However, you should
know by now that you can't really kill me.

That was true. The 'Secretive Plotter' was another Yoo Joonghyuk. Killing him
simply meant the creation of another world-line.

Even then, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't let go of his \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\].
"It'll be far better than watching you mess up this world-line."

The Plotter laughed. They were both Yoo Joonghyuks. They may have lived two
different lives, but their nature as Yoo Joonghyuk was the same. And that was
why they could understand each other's thought process the best.

Do you believe that your power alone is enough to kill me? Without Kim
Dokja's Story, the current you can't fight against an 'Outer God'.

"That might be the case, but killing you will be rather simple. I only have to
shatter that \[Sealing Sphere\]."

A faint trace of unrest flitted in and out of the Plotter's expression.

Currently, the 'Secretive Plotter' was inside the unstable \[Apocalypse
Dragon's Sealing Sphere\] created by the 999th turn's Uriel.

"You're deliberately not removing the \[Sealing Sphere\]. If you break it,
then the 'Hounds Chasing After the Abyss' will appear from the gap in space
and time, that's why."

It only had been for a brief moment, but still, Yoo Joonghyuk got to steal a
glance into the memories of the 1864 regression turns engraved into the Hell
of Eternity. That's where he got to learn partial information on 'Outer
Gods'. The Hounds that chased after the Abyss  he learned about the Hounds of
Tindalos during that time, too.

They were the cleaners capable of detecting the distortion in a world-line.

"They can only intrude from where angles below 90 degrees exist. The normal
you wouldn't be troubled by something like a few Hounds, but with how weakened
you are, the story should change greatly."

The flow of Status loaded onto the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] grew
thicker. Yoo Joonghyuk too hadn't fully recovered from his wounds, so fighting
the Plotter head-on was impossible.

However, shattering the Sealing Sphere shouldn't pose a challenge.

The Plotter's expression changed, perhaps after figuring out Yoo Joonghyuk's
intentions. It was the face of a man who had accepted 'something'.

And so, just as Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] was about to
make a move...

"Oppa."

Someone's head poked out from the bushes.

"What are you doing?"

Yoo Joonghyuk was taken by surprise and while turning his head towards her,
shouted out. "Yoo Mia\! Don't come closer\!"

Dismay brushed past his expression next. Because he had focused all of his
perception on the 'Secretive Plotter', he ended up making such an egregious
mistake.

"Go back to where our companions are\! This place is dangerous\!"

"Don't want to."

She replied in a cold voice, something she had never used before.

Yoo Joonghyuk replied in stupefaction. "...What?"

"You don't even come back to Earth all that often anyway, so stop nagging me.
You promised to stay with me for a few days, didn't you? Both Sookyung ahjumma
and Gyeong-Ran ahjumma are always busy, you know? And I'm tired of listening
to Grandma Bok-Sun's stories of the past, too\!"

Yoo Mia clearly enunciated every single word as she strode forward. Yoo
Joonghyuk's judgement blurred for a moment then.

She seized that opening and quickly ran towards the front of the 'Secretive
Plotter'.

"By the way, he looks exactly like you, oppa. Who are you exactly?"

Before long, she was within the touching distance of the Plotter. Yoo
Joonghyuk grew anxious. He wanted to swing his sword right now and shatter the
\[Sealing Sphere\], but his little sister might get swept up in the air
current if he made the slightest mistake here.

As he began deliberating on his options, she placed her hand on the
transparent \[Sealing Sphere\] and innocently asked the figure inside. "Are
you trapped in this thing? You want me to help you get out of there?"

Yoo Joonghyuk dearly wanted to move and pull her away from there right now.
But for some reason, he couldn't.

The 'Secretive Plotter' was staring at Yoo Mia.

His eyes were trembling from a very powerful agitation. Even Yoo Joonghyuk was
surprised to see such an expression appear on the Plotter's face, someone who
had lived through an untold amount of time.

Yoo Mia pressed him further in the meantime.

"Come on now, answer me."


