### Chapter 88: Ep. 18  A Reader's Fight, I

The dokkaebi's voice rang out.

A group of low-grade dokkaebis were looking down like they were watching a
burning house. Bihyung's figure could also be seen. He whistled when he met my
eyes.

The dokkaebi in the middle of the crowd slowly opened his mouth and spoke to
all of Seoul.

\[Incarnations of Seoul\! I have to tell you unfortunate news. Unfortunately,
due to the actions of some people, one of the disasters has woken up in
Gangdong-gu.\]

The dokkaebi smiled as he met my eyes. This bastard?

\[Ah, the sound of your sighs can be heard from here. I can see people who are
already leaving Gangdong-gu. Haha, everyone. You should listen to the end. You
will regret it later if you run away now. This disaster is definitely an
opportunity for you.\]

The dokkaebi spoke in a loud voice.

\[Haven't you been having a hard time gathering coins? I know it all. Your
life collapsed overnight and now strange existences are taking your coins. The
people who were friends yesterday are suddenly stabbing you today. I'm glad
I'm not you. Right now, the stars in the sky are probably tell you, "Hey,
shake your ass a little better. I'll give you 100 coins."\]

\[A handful of constellations are giggling and laughing.\]

The dokkaebi didn't laugh.

\[I understand that you feel like shit and hate these jerks. Since the world
is destroyed, you just want to live the way you want. You are very courageous
but you feel a sense of helplessness when you realize that this world is
divided in two. You feel disappointed when you realize that your
constellation, which was barely obtained after shaking your ass, is inferior
to the constellation of a successful person. You feel angry about the unfair
world. I'm well aware.\]

\[Some constellations oppose the dokkaebi's speech.\]

Speaking of which, this dokkaebi wasn't ordinary. A low-grade dokkaebi with
weak courage wouldn't be able to say this. Their channel would be ruined if
there was a backlash from the constellations.

But this was only for minority channels. The bigger the channel, the more
different the dokkaebi.

They knew the laws of the story. They couldn't tell a big story if they were
only obsessed with subscriptions. A true storyteller must deal with the
'person' rather than the 'audience'.

I closely observed the dokkaebi who was still talking.

\[I have prepared something for all of you. You who are unlucky, lucky or
worked hard, you have a chance to become 'someone' overnight.\]

The pointed horn on the crown. The leg shown through the white cap looked like
a one-legged crow.

Wait a minute, surely this bastard wasn't...Dokgak?

At this moment, a huge screen appeared in the air. A bleeding boy fleeing was
shown on the screen.

\[Now, this boy you are seeing is an SSS-grade item walking around\! Are you
looking at him from head to toe? His name is Myung Ilsang. He was fortunate
enough to be picked by the Star Stream to go to another world. Can you imagine
it? Imagine being summoned to another dimension, suddenly receiving a powerful
strength, spending a hot night with a cute elf girlfriend, saving the world
and being loved as a warrior\! That's right. This damn guy is the 'disaster'
you have to catch today.\]

It was somewhat strange.

I was wondering why a low-grade dokkaebi replaced the position of an
intermediate dokkaebi. It was because he was the dokkaebi of a major channel.

\[I can already hear your resentment. How the hell can you kill an SSS-grade?
Haha, there is no need to worry. This guy currently has a penalty on him. His
powers are sealed. He is strong but he is a treasure chest if you hit him all
at once.\]

"...He is creepy." Han Sooyoung clicked her tongue. As a writer, she had already
grasped the dokkaebi's intentions.

If a disaster was called a disaster, no one would come. Then what if the
disaster was a treasure chest?

\[Your life hasn't been ruined yet. Rather, I can say that you have good luck.
The sub scenario that I offer now will be a great stepping stone to reverse
your life. Now, the chance will only be for one day\! Move immediately\! Only
those who move the quickest can become the owner of an SSS-grade item\!\]

As soon as they heard this, the incarnations scattered throughout Seoul would
gather in Gangdong-gu.

\[The sub scenario has been updated.\]

\[The sub-scenario  SSS-grade Hunt\]

Category: Sub

Difficulty: B ~ ???

Clear Conditions: Get rid of the SSS-grade Myung Ilsang.

Time Limit: None

Compensation: 50,000 coins, ???

Failure: The fall of Seoul Dome.

The worst scenario was beginning.

Perhaps due to the failure result of the scenario shining red in the air, the
huge reward that had never been seen before seemed insignificant.

"Quickly find him before everyone dies."

"...Won't he be affected by probability?"

"The probability is offset to some extent by the interest of the
constellations."

This was why dokkaebis preferred exciting scenarios. The stories that many
constellations wanted offset the probabilities. Of course, it would be the
responsibility of the dokkaebis if it failed, but this situation was
different.

\[The eyes of many constellations are shining.\]

If it went as Dokgak planned, Seoul would end before the fifth scenario began.
Han Sooyoung immediately used all her magic power to summon the avatars to
search.

Five minutes passed before Han Sooyoung shouted, "I found him. He is 2km
northwest from here\!"

I ran along the road with Han Sooyoung and soon heard voices.

"Over here\! There he is\!"

"That brat went this way\!"

There were already people flocking. Myung Ilsang was laughing as he was
surrounded by a group of people.

"Uh... right. Here I am."

"You jerk\! Are you having fun?"

"I'm having a lot of fun..."

"This fuc...hey\! Kill him\!"

It was surprising to see so many humans with an inferiority complex. Myung
Ilsang avoided the swords waving through the air and asked, "Are you jealous
and want me to send you to that other world?

"What, you will send me there?"

"Of course. I will send you. You really want to go right?"

"If I can go then of course I want to go\! It is better than this shitty
world..."

Myung Ilsang nodded and extended his right arm towards the crowd.

\[The eighth seal of the returnee 'Myung Ilsang' has been released.\]

\[The ninth seal of the returnee 'Myung Ilsang' has been released.\]

.

"Then go well. Although I have no idea if it is better than here."

"What?"

\[The twelfth seal of the returnee 'Myung Ilsang' has been released.\]

\[The thirteenth seal of the returnee 'Myung Ilsang' has been released.\]

\[The fourteenth seal of the returnee 'Myung Ilsang' has been released.\]

.

I felt a sense of hopelessness as I watched the messages appearing in the sky.
It was too late.

"Because that place, I destroyed it."

\[The character 'Myung Ilsang' has triggered 'Small Black Fire Cannon' Lv.
3\!\]

I grabbed Han Sooyoung and rushed behind a building.

A violet flash overturned the forest of buildings. Up to half a dozen high-
rise buildings were hit and an entire street disappeared. Those who ran
towards him disintegrated without leaving even bone dust behind.

A single entity that could be a disaster. This was the real strength of a
returnee.

Han Sooyoung collapsed beside me. "Crazy... how do we defeat that?"

This was real fear. It was fear that caused our bodies to shake, rather than a
skill. I spoke in an effort to resist it. "We can win."

"Don't speak nonsense and let's go back. We can never kill that guy."

"No. I can catch him. We will be better off if I kill him now'.

\[The character 'Han Sooyoung' has used 'Lie Detection Lv. 2'.\]

\[The character Han Sooyoung has confirmed that the statement is true.\]

Han Sooyoung's eyes widened. "...Really? You couldn't kill him before."

"A person who only thinks about one thing, how can you live?" I was only
speaking a half truth. In fact, the original plan was to defeat the Disaster
of Questions and build up a second narrative.

The problem was that my plan was based on learning Way of the Wind.

"Does anyone else want to go to the other world? Raise your hands\! I will
send you\!"

People screamed and ran away. Myung Ilsang was getting closer.

Then Yoo Joonghyuk's voice was heard from a translucent window.

There is no chance if you fight him head on.

I know. But I still have to try it.

Why did you make the situation like this?

What?

You had many chances. You could've killed Lee Seolhwa. Or if you had killed
Antinus with Lycaon, you could've stopped the disaster.

I couldn't give any excuses. I didn't kill Lee Seolhwa because of Yoo
Joonghyuk and I didn't fight with Lycaon because I couldn't find a gap.

I'm not a regressor like you. I have to be careful in case of failure. If I
don't think until the end...

Careful? Don't be so cocky. Do you think you are a constellation? Knowing the
future doesn't mean you can control everything.

I felt like someone had punched me. Funnily enough, I thought that Yoo
Joonghyuk's words were right.

\[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall' is in use.\]

It was arrogance from knowing the future. I thought I could somehow make it
even if the story was distorted. Maybe that led to the current situation.

Then why don't you fight a little?

I couldn't answer.

Don't use having no talent as an excuse. Not having the Way of the Wind
doesn't mean you can't win.

I can win?

Yoo Joonghyuk was silent for a moment. The moment I was about to break the
silence, Yoo Joonghyuk's voice continued.

My attribute is a 'pro gamer'. What is yours?

What?

I'm asking what can you do well?

...What could I do well? There was a tickling feeling somewhere deep in my head.
I felt that I was missing something important. But there was no time to think.

"I've found you\! You haven't left yet."

Myung Ilsang whistled as he rounded the corner. Han Sooyoung groaned while I
stepped back.

"...Uh?" The Hunters Association people from before?" Myung Ilsang laughed.
"Great. I really wanted to meet you. Don't you know that my wonderful debut
plans were ruined because of you?"

"..."

"I was trying to live well. Kill some S-grade incarnations, defeat the bad
groups and love the pretty noonas. But what is this? I have completely become
a villain. What should I do?"

I grasped my sword instead of answering.

\[The stigma 'Song of the Sword Lv. 1' has been used.\]

\[Your sword is filled with the words left by the Duke of Loyalty and
Warfare.\]

 Today I am prepared for death. I pray to God in Heaven, may I destroy the
enemy. 

The Duke of Loyalty and Warfare's words recorded in his war diary.
Fortunately, the Duke of Loyalty and Warfare took my side this time.

\[The stigma 'Song of the Sword' has been used.\]

\[The decision to die has improved your fighting power.\]

I squeezed out all of my magic power at once.

\[Blade of Faith is activated\!\]

The Blade of Faith burst out. I ran towards him. Myung Ilsang's hands lightly
struck the Blade of Faith.

The splitting pain caused me to loosen my grip. It was only one blow but I
could clearly know it. The overall stats of Myung Ilsang had already exceeded
the limit of this scenario.

"What, you want to fight? Really? Didn't you just see me fighting?"

I looked at him laughing and was reminded of Ways of Survival. What could I do
well? It was to 'read'.

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 1 has been
activated\!\]

Then I started to hear his movements.

 Right shoulder. 

 Left thigh. 

The strikes still hit me despite me reading the moves. The fists surrounded by
a purple light ruthlessly poured towards me.

 The belly, the belly, the belly, the belly.

Blood poured from my mouth and my vision shook. I didn't give up. I thought
and thought again.

\[The character 'Myung Ilsang' admires your spirit.\]

\[Your understanding of the character 'Myung Ilsang' has increased.\]

The information contained in Ways of Survival alone couldn't beat him. It was
different from when I hunted the Dark Keeper. I couldn't fight despite
calculating everything.

 Strong, weak, torso, head... 

Too much information poured in at once, causing my dizziness to worsen. This
was despite borrowing the power of the stigma. At this rate, the battle would
be over in no time. I wiped the blood at my mouth and backed away.

...Did I have to use Ganpyeongui? I felt bitter that the last method I had was
to borrow the power of the constellations. If I called a powerful
constellation, I could probably win.

However, there was a burden of the probability after the last incident and
most of all, I didn't like to owe the constellations.

Damn, I wish I had talent. It would be preferable if I could steal someone's
talent.

...Eh? Wait. Steal? A dull shock filled my head. So far, my main weapon was
'information'. However, there was so much 'information' that I actually forgot
some of it.

Pathetic. Why the hell did I forget about this skill? Wasn't this the first
thing I should've done?

\[The exclusive skill 'Bookmark' can now be activated.\]

\['Character Bookmarks' is activated.\]

\[Available Bookmark Slots: 4\]

\[Bringing up the list of available bookmarks.\]

\[People Listed in the Bookmark Slots\]

1\. The Delusion Demon Kim Namwoon \(Understanding 35\).

2\. Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung \(Understanding 75\).

3\. Demagogue Cheon Inho \(Understanding 20\).

4\. Empty slot.

There was no change apart from the one additional slot.

I chose the empty slot.

\[List of People who can be Registered on the Bookmarks\]

1\. Poisoner Lee Seolhwa \(Understanding 10\).

2\. King of Beauty Min Jiwon \(Understanding 25\).

3\. Tyrant King Jung Youngho \(Understanding 10\).

4\. Hermit King of Shadows Han Donghoon \(Understanding 30\).

5\. The Prophet Anna Croft \(Understanding 1\).

6\. Armed Fortress Master Gong Pildu \(Understanding 30\)

.

.

As expected, Yoo Joonghyuk's name wasn't on the list. The main character was
the main character. Special conditions must be met before he was unlocked.

In addition, people who weren't characters like Han Sooyoung, Yoo Sangah and
Lee Gilyoung weren't on the list.

It didn't matter. They weren't the people I needed right now. I scrolled for a
bit and finally found the person I wanted.

There he was. Why did I forget that he was also a 'character'. I didn't
hesitate to put him in the fourth bookmark.

\[The level of the Bookmark skill is low, shortening the activation time.\]

\[Activation Time: 30 minutes\]

\[Your understanding of the character is significant. You can select some of
his skills to import.\]

I chose a skill. The next moment, a silver storm emerged around my body. I
felt the courage of a wolf nestle in my body.

Damn, I felt like a fool. What had I been trying to learn so far? I wasn't a
regressor or a returnee.

\[The character 'Prince Lycaon of the Imyuntar' has been registered on
bookmark 4.\]

\[The number four bookmark has been activated.\]

I was a 'reader'.

\[Way of the Wind Lv. 8 has been activated.\]

And this was the way I fought.


