### Chapter 288: Ep. 54 - Demon King Slayer, IV

A day passed since I arrived in the 1863rd round.

The Gwanghwamun area was wet from the dark rain that had been falling since
last night. Soon after the rain started, the monsters crouching between the
ruins woke up one by one. There was the monster that looked like an elephant
that I saw when I first got here and one that reminded me of a huge octopus.
The most frightening thing was the baby that was the size of a huge building.

There were many types of outer gods but not all of them were named 'Devourer
of Dreams' or 'Indescribable Distance'. Most of them were 'unnamed' and
existed without a proper ego.

I watched the baby in a diaper pushing through the city like a bulldozer and
hid while holding my breath.

...To be honest, I probably needed the diaper more than the baby.

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is looking at you.\]

It had been a few hours since the archangels fell asleep, stating that they
would save their energy.

The white lily in my coat trembled as if it had regained power. Gabriel.

"Have you woken up?"

\[Why did you make that choice?\]

"What choice?"

\[Do you need to ask?\]

"There was no other way."

I heard a creaking and crushing sound in the distance. The moment I thought
something else had happened, I saw the torn off leg of the elephant monster.
There were signs that it was torn off by a powerful force. Someone dragged the
severed leg and approached this way. It was the real monster of this scenario,
Yoo Joonghyuk.

Like a sigh, the petals shook again. \[I thought he would die... why is he
holding a sword?\]

"He could've committed suicide. Well, I don't think that will happen now."

I spoke while swinging Yoo Joonghyuk's Splitting the Sky Sword through the
air. It wasn't surprising but I didn't kill Yoo Joonghyuk.

Gabriel was silent for a moment before muttering in a small voice. \[What does
Uriel like about this guy...?\]

"Uriel? Ah, is Uriel well?"

\[How should I know?\]

It was a reaction that seemed a bit excessive. The moment I was about to ask,
another indirect message came.

\[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is looking at you.\]

The difficult angel had also woken up. Jophiel woke up and got straight to the
point. \[Did you decide to keep him alive?\]

I accepted the elephant's leg that Yoo Joonghyuk had brought instead of
answering. It was a leg that was very fleshy. It gave off a very rich and
clear story. I faced Yoo Joonghyuk who stared at me with empty eyes. Jophiel
opened her mouth again.

\[Don't you know that you shouldn't keep him alive? The scenario you received
is...\]

"Yoo Joonghyuk's death."

It would've been nice if I could lie but it was too late to deceive the
archangels. They would've seen the scenario window that I saw.

Yoo Joonghyuk's death.

It was the scenario that Secretive Plotter gave me. I had to kill him in order
to return to the original third round.

"As I've already mentioned, it is difficult to interpret this scenario as it
is." The death proposed by Secretive Plotter might not be the 'death' we
thought about.

The archangels were silent. They didn't seem to understand my words. I flipped
the elephant's leg and calmly declared. "Yoo Joonghyuk can't 'die'. As
archangels, you should already know this?"

I could feel the gazes of the two angels on me.

\[What does that mean?\]

"This guy is a regressor."

In the early scenarios, the information I just mentioned would've been
filtered but now it was different. The scenario was a scenario but by now,
rumours about the 'regressor' should've spread quite a bit. Thus, the high-
ranking constellations of Eden would know it.

The red cosmos leaves shook uneasily. \[...Don't tell me?\]

I nodded. "He is a being who repeats his life forever. No one can kill him. If
he dies, he will just move onto another round."

\[How do you know this?\]

"Why was Uriel keeping an eye on me?"

It was best to respond to questions that couldn't be answered was with more
questions. Jophiel trembled as if controlling his anger.

\[Then... what are you going to do now? If you can't kill him, you can't return
to your original round.\]

I shrugged and placed the roasted meat into my mouth. "I have to think about a
way. There is plenty of time."

At my calm response, an unusual air flowed around the two flowers. I was
nervous because I thought they wanted to express their 'status', only to
suddenly hear a strange sound.

It was a growl that wasn't coming from my stomach. It didn't seem to be Yoo
Joonghyuk either.

...Then? I bowed my head and saw the two flowers looking away.

"Are you hungry?"

  

* * *

  

\[Gabriel, how long are you going to stand by?\]

\[I'm not standing by. I'm just watching. If it wasn't for Uriel, I would've
killed him...\]

Gabriel, who was stuck in a plastic bottle, answered while sucking up water
through his stem. Beside her, the cosmos of Jophiel was likewise inserted into
a bottle of water.

In the distance, Kim Dokja was saying something to Yoo Joonghyuk. Gabriel
stared at him blankly and asked,

\[That Uriel, is she well?\]

\[Focus on the mission, Gabriel.\]

\[No, I'm worried. Uriel always gets into trouble when she is left alone.\]

\[...I see. Do you actually like Uriel?\]

\[What nonsense\! Have you found a way to go back yet? How long are we
supposed to stay with them?\]

Gabriel's petals fluttered and Jophiel replied, \[I'm looking for a way but it
seems hard.\]

\[Why? No matter how different the world line, there must be Eden here. If you
ask the scribe here for help...\]

\[There is no reply from the scribe.\]

\[What?\]

\[It isn't just the scribe. I can't contact anyone from Eden.\]

Eden couldn't be contacted? It was strange, no matter how much the world had
changed. Due to the constraints of the scenario, it was impossible to return
to their original 'constellation context'. It was frustrating.

Gabriel sighed and sucked up water again. \[What? They were fighting and
holding each other by the collar a few hours ago...\]

In the distant place, Kim Dokja seemed to be stroking Yoo Joonghyuk's head.
Looking at this scene, Gabriel was reminded of Uriel and herself. It was
different but there was some resemblance.

...Companionship?

For a very short time, Gabriel seemed to understand why Uriel liked them.

  

* * *

  

"Eat the soil, Yoo Joonghyuk."

Yoo Joonghyuk started to silently eat the soil. I was startled and smacked him
in the back of the head. "Why are you really eating it?\!"

I wanted to test it but I didn't know he would actually follow my order. The
Yoo Joonghyuk I knew would've never done this. However, the regression
depression had completely devoured his ego and for the time being, Yoo
Joonghyuk was in a stupid state. Yoo Joonghyuk looked up at me blankly.

I sighed with some compassion. "How good would it be if the usual you was so
calm? You are better than the third round bastard."

"..."

"...Spit it out."

I watched Yoo Joonghyuk spitting out the soil and remembered another Yoo
Joonghyuk that I knew. I didn't know if he was okay. It would be nice if he
hadn't lost his mind by the time I came back. I entrusted it to Yoo Sangah so
I hoped things would turn out well.

"Now lie down there and get some rest, 1863rd Yoo Joonghyuk."

At my words, Yoo Joonghyuk trudged towards the ruined building. I could see
the sun setting in the distance. The sunset of the 95th scenario was still
glowing. I looked at the haze and felt strangely peaceful. It was strange. In
this horrible scenario, I could indulge in this appreciation.

 Kim Dok ja needs to kill Yoo Joong hyuk. 

...No, I didn't. Fortunately, there was no deadline for the scenario that
Secretive Plotter gave me. I turned my head and saw Yoo Joonghyuk curled up
with a foolish expression as he waited for my orders.

"Sleep."

Yoo Joonghyuk understood my words and closed his eyes. Since the scenario
started, Yoo Joonghyuk had never slept properly. Maybe this was the 'first
sleep' for Yoo Joonghyuk. It was the first sleep where he was freed from all
his memories.

Once Yoo Joonghyuk was completely asleep, I turned on my smartphone. The phone
desktop contained the text of Ways of Survival as usual. However, there was
something different this time.

Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World.txt

...What? Wasn't it the 'third revision?' I suddenly got goosebumps. Was it
because I came back to the original round? Then it changed back to the
original text, not the revised one?

I opened the file with a confused mind. The file was the original Ways of
Survival that I knew. Maybe this was better. It was important to obtain
information about this round if I wanted to think properly about the future. I
quickly moved the screen to the 1863rd round and read all the information
thoroughly.

 I lost Lee Hyunsung in the 54th scenario. 

I read the story, read it and read it again.

 In the 67th scenario, Lee Seolhwa was killed. 

He lost, lost and lost more people.

 Lee Jihye died in the 78th scenario. 

The Yoo Joonghyuk of this round was completely alone. In fact, it wasn't only
this round. In all of Yoo Joonghyuk's rounds, he had to leave alone. It was
the same life even until the end.

"...Poor guy."

I didn't know the epilogue of Ways of Survival. The one thing I could be sure
of was that Ways of Survival didn't have a happy ending.

...What if I didn't go back to the third round? What if I stayed here and helped
Yoo Joonghyuk of the last round clear the scenario?

 The Fourth Wall says, "Kim Dok ja, that..." 

I know.

 Ye s. 

This was the trick hidden in Secretive Plotter's scheme. Perhaps Secretive
Plotter expected this and gave me a scenario. It was why the scenario had no
time limit.

Kill Yoo Joonghyuk here and return to the original world. Or see the
conclusion of the scenario with Yoo Joonghyuk here.

This was the idea of the 'outer god'. The laughable thing was that I was
really shaken by the proposal. If I looked at the person here... I wouldn't see
the ending I really wanted. But if I killed him here, the original 'Yoo
Joonghyuk' would disappear forever.

My head hurt as I thought about it. If I wanted to kill Yoo Joonghyuk, I had
to end Yoo Joonghyuk's regressions. However, his sponsor didn't speak and I
didn't know the identity. I didn't know if it was fortunate or not.

I sighed and scrolled through Ways of Survival again. Then I felt a cold
feeling down my spine.

\[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is warning you\!\]

In the distance, the two flowers in the plastic bottles were shaking. It was a
strong alarm. Was it an outer god?

"You've been hiding here, Yoo Joonghyuk."

The moment I reflexively tried to turn around, I felt an eerie prediction. If
I turned around now, I would die. I clearly had this feeling. It was a degree
of stealth that could fool my constellation senses. It was clearly an
unquantifiable existence. The presence was nearby?

"What are you? Are you Yoo Joonghyuk's companion?"

I got a sense of deja vu from the voice. It was clearly a voice I knew. I
turned my head slowly enough so that the enemy wouldn't feel threatened.
Behind me was a woman with a familiar appearance. For a moment, my mind was
awash with panic.

...How on earth? I hadn't thought about it. It was because this person was
already dead in this 'round'.

"Well, there is no need to know. I'll kill him anyway."

The smiling Admiral Lee Jihye smiled as she pointed the Double Dragon Swords
towards me.


