### Chapter 316: Ep. 60 -Taste of Ruin, I

 Twi sted guy. 

The Fourth Wall seemed to know this wall. There was also a brief mention of it
in Ways of Survival. Like Jang Hayoung's Unidentified Wall, it was one of the
walls that had a strong power but whose origins were unknown.

\[Wall Dividing Good and Evil is measuring your goodness and evil.\]

\[The Fourth Wall is snorting.\]

\[Wall Dividing Good and Evil is confused on how to judge your existence.\]

Wall Dividing Good and Evil was the standard for dividing good and evil in
this world. The power to distinguish between good and evil in the Star Stream
responded to Metatron's rational doubt. If the skill named someone evil, the
constellations belonging to the absolute good system had the right to vote on
that decision and the result would be reflected immediately. Jung Heewon's
Judgment Time was a power that shared the probability of this wall.

\[Why are you confused? It isn't the first time you've seen the owner of a
wall.\]

"I didn't know you would bring it out of all a sudden. Then are you going to
define me as an 'evil' person? I know the decision was withdrawn in the past."

\[I don't think so. As you said, you are useful.\]

I didn't know Metatron's exact thoughts. The only thing certain was that he
intended to use me to prepare for Eden's future destruction.

\[The wall on which all the 's are written. You have read about Eden's
destruction there. Isn't that right?\]

I was a bit surprised. Metatron of this time seemed a bit different from the
Metatron I knew. He knew the existence of Ways of Survival. He also called the
wall by the 'Last Wall'. The moment I was about to answer, the Fourth Wall
interrupted.

 Kim Dok ja, don't spe ak non sense. 

I closed my mouth. Metatron said. \[The wall seems to have made you silent. As
expected from the largest fragment of the Last Wall.\]

"Do you know what the Last Wall is?"

Metatron made an unknown expression at my question.

\[Are you asking because you are curious or do you have another purpose?\]

I stared into Metatron's eyes without speaking. Metatron smiled wryly.
\[...Okay. Instead, turn off the channel. They should've seen plenty of Eden.\]

The next moment, indirect messages exploded from the sky.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is scratching his
head.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is emitting light from his
fingernails.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is impressed by the heavenly
scene.\]

\[Some constellations are pleased with the tour of Eden\!\]

\[50,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

Just like the Underworld, there were many constellations wondering about Eden.
Biyoo made a sound and closed the channel.

Metatron touched a thick stack of books and started talking. \[The Last World
is the wall that constitutes the essence of this world. It has existed for a
long time and crumbled, leading to a broken wall.\]

Metatron touched a book so old it felt like it would fall apart with one
touch.

\[The Wall Dividing Good and Evil is one of the fragments of this wall.\]

"How many have these walls?"

\[I don't know exactly. I didn't hear it from 'him'. Just...\]

I wondered who Metatron was referring to with 'him'. In fact, it was a foolish
thought. There was only one being who would be called 'him' in Eden.

Metatron continued speaking. \[Every wall has a meaning. Some walls
distinguish between good and evil while others control communication. Some
walls can also change the future of a given world.\]

Metatron stared at me and spoke in a serious voice. \[I think you are the key
to change the 'set' destruction.\]

Metatron's expectations for me were so clear that it was a bit burdensome. I
deliberately spoke with confidence. "Scribe, you must be making 'A Single
Story'."

\[...Yes.\]

"I am currently a newcomer who is only in the 'succession' stage. Do you think
I can do this?"

\[No one knows which story will be chosen at the end.\]

Metatron turned his gaze towards the window of the office. The sun coming into
Eden shone on Metatron's beautiful face. Some parts were covered in a dark
shade while others became abnormally bright. In the unequal light, Metatron's
face seemed strangely distorted.

\[We can only carefully choose the method of worship from a category we can
understand.\]

Perhaps this was the story that Metatron thought of. I quietly watched
Metatron and opened my mouth. It was time to get to the main point. "It
doesn't matter what you use me for. Instead, I have one condition."

\[You have come here to save Incarnation Yoo Sangah.\]

In any case, it was good that the story was fast. Metatron seemed to have
already grasped the details of Yoo Sangah through the broadcast.

\[The flow of consciousness is a very dangerous disease and investing
probability recklessly can cause a big loss. They will be swept away by the
rapids of the exiting stories.\]

"Is there no solution?"

\[There is. If you believe and practice the great words like other archangels
in this garden...\]

"It means I have to join Eden. That isn't possible."

\[For now, it is best to strengthen the incarnation body to the limit to
alleviate the disease. It is recommended to obtain items to do this. It
shouldn't be things like the Great Return Pill made by the humans of Murim.
Instead, it should be Star Relic Fruits or star fluids that contain the
miracle of a giant story.\]

Star Relic Fruits and star fluids...

Metatron read my expression and smiled.

\[Eden has some leftover nectar but it can't be used for your purpose. Eden's
Star Relic Fruit is a bit special.\]

I already knew. There was no one on Earth who didn't know the identity of
Eden's Star Relic Fruit. "...Then there is no way."

I was a bit discouraged. I thought it was possible for Eden but I guess I was
thinking too much. Then Metatron added, \[I mean, there is no way in Eden.\]

The door of the office opened. A man walked into the office, collapsing the
high stacks of books. I looked at the body covered with a dazzling light and
unknowingly invoked my status.

\[It has been a long time, Demon King of Salvation.\]

  

* * *

  

Jung Heewon had an excursion through Eden. The angels were mostly friendly and
some asked her questions. Most of them were questions about Kim Dokja and Yoo
Joonghyuk but she thought that was natural. The two people were currently the
most popular on the Korean Peninsula.

Rather, if something was bothering her then it was her sponsor repeatedly
losing her soul.

"Uriel."

\[Yes, Heewon.\]

"I understand."

\[Yes, Heewon.\]

"You aren't listening to me, are you?"

\[Yes, Heewon... ah?"

The surprised Uriel glanced between the list of ranks engraved on the slab
Jung Heewon was holding and the palace.

\[W-Well... Ah, right. I was explaining the order of the angels. So our ranks
are...\]

"If you're so nervous, why don't you go see for yourself?"

Jung Heewon talked about going to the office in the palace and Uriel became
pale.

\[T-that. No. I should distinguish between business and personal matters...\]

"You can give the explanation to Eden later. He will be thankful that you came
to meet him."

Jung Heewon saw the terrible Demon-like Judge of Fire flustered like this and
laughed. It was a sponsor she couldn't hate. Uriel touched her cross earrings
and bit her lips before looking up. \[...Can I go see Kim Dokja?\]

"Of course."

Uriel's expression lightened up at Jung Heewon's permission. Then next moment,
Uriel thought of something and her eyes became sullen.

\[No, I can't.\]

"Why?"

\[That...\]

Uriel rolled her eyes and wriggled her fingers. She was so cute that Jung
Heewon laughed. Her sponsor felt like a big sister. Jung Heewon glanced at
Uriel's gloomy expression and asked, "If you like Dokja-ssi so much, you
should go see him. What are you hesitating about?"

Uriel turned red at the question, made gibberish gestures and bowed her head
with a sigh.

\[I'm shy.\]

"Why are you shy? You always send him indirect messages."

\[A fan letter is different from talking to the person directly.\]

"Didn't you meet him last time? At a banquet or something."

\[It was just an incarnation body then. Now I'm different. It is like meeting
an online game avatar in person.\]

It was an analogy suitable for a constellation.

\[I don't mean that the time I spent with you is like a game\! I mean, in a
figurative sense...\]

Jung Heewon smiled at the struggling Uriel. Perhaps this was the difference
between her sponsor and other constellations. It might be the reason why Kim
Dokja wasn't vigilant towards Uriel.

Jung Heewon was about to answer when her lips stiffened. A bad feeling went
down her spine. In the distance, someone turned a corridor in the palace and
headed for the scribe's office. It was in Kim Dokja's direction. It was an
extremely high' status' and Jung Heewon was horrified when she saw the person.

"Uriel\! That constellation...\!"

Jung Heewon knew this existence. There was no way she couldn't know. It was
because he was the person who made the last Demon King Selection a nightmare.
She turned her head and saw Uriel staring at her with a hardened expression.

"I want to go see."

Uriel nodded.

  

* * *

  

The sound of a huge train leaving the tracks filled my ears. It felt like
memories were revived just by facing them. This was Eden and the constellation
couldn't attack me. Even so, my instincts remembered it and my status reacted
violently.

There was a sublime voice reminiscent of sunlight. \[You aren't as polite as I
thought you would be. Are you still reflecting on the past story?\]

"I would be hit in the back of the head in the Star Stream if I didn't
remember it."

\[You might be a constellation but you haven't escaped from the mentality of a
human. A constellation doesn't dwell on such trivial history.\]

Four arms attached to a body. The third eye looked down at me softly. The
miserable battle during the Demon King Selection still gave me chills.

\[Surya. Did the demon hunting turn out well?\]

Metatron spoke and Surya passed by me like he wasn't interested. The heads of
a grand duke demon were hanging from Surya's waist. Surya pulled off the heads
and placed them on Metatron's table.

Metatron examined the state of the heads and said, \[The rewards will be sent
via the nebula.\]

Perhaps Surya had received a contracted sub scenario through Eden. Like
Michael and Uriel, the Supreme God of Light was a nightmare for demons.

\[No, I'd like it now. I don't have much of a relationship with my nebula
these days.\]

Surya glanced at me as he spoke. Metatron replied. \[Come to Eden...\]

\[Stop joking about that. The matter is over so I'm leaving.\]

Surya headed to the exit of the office with this remark. Metatron stared at
Surya's back with a faint smile. I was taken aback. I felt nervous but he
didn't come here because of me. Then Surya's footsteps stopped in front of the
door.

\[Demon King of Salvation, I was told that one of your colleagues has a
special illness.\] Surya spoke without looking back. \[If you want, I can
help.\]

At this moment, information from Ways of Survival quickly passed through my
head.

 Surya is one of the eight Lokapala of Vedas. 

 He and the Lokapala are the origins of the star fluid of Vedas, the Soma.

Vedas' star fluid, the Soma. Then it was likely he could improve the condition
of Yoo Sangah. I looked over at Metatron. He smiled faintly at me with a
shifty expression.

This scribe knew from the beginning that Surya would come here. Yet it wasn't
even possible for this schemer to stop the destruction of Eden... I realized
that the fate of the Star Stream was harsh.

I asked without looking at Surya, "What do you want?"

Soma was a drink that could only be enjoyed by a few privileged gods in Vedas.
He wouldn't give me such a gift without strings attached. The Supreme God of
Light slowly turned his head. A demon-like smile was on Surya's face.

\[I want Olympus ruined.\]


