### Chapter 310: Ep. 59 - Kim Dokja's Company, I

"Yoo Joonghyuk, you are crazy\!"

I shouted while hurriedly running towards Yoo Joonghyuk. I was so surprised
that I couldn't control the power of my skills. Way of the Wind and
Electrification were activated at the same time through Bookmark and collided
with Yoo Joonghyuk's body.

The power of the Purest Sword Force dyed the air and the star on the pedestal
rolled to the ground. Yoo Joonghyuk was hit by my magic power and spoke
without looking at me. "Get out of the way."

"What get out of the way? Are you really crazy?"

I was dumbfounded. Other characters might not know anything but Yoo Joonghyuk,
who knew everything, wanted to touch the star. It was unbelievable.

"Don't you know what the 46th scenario is? Haven't you read the scenario
properly?"

Of course, I couldn't read the scenario properly because of Yoo Joonghyuk.

"I read it."

"It is over if you touch it\!"

"Not really. Most people acquire a star and move onto the next scenario."

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly gazed at me. I couldn't feel any agitation from his
expression. This wasn't the first time he did the 46th scenario.

 In the 46th scenario, only those who are part of the same nebula or have
been recognized as 'colleagues' would participate together. 

In the previous round, Yoo Joonghyuk calculated everything and jumped to the
46th scenario. He didn't want to be restricted so he didn't join a big nebula.
Instead, he picked companions and challenged the scenario. He also used the
information given to him by the 41st regression Shin Yoosung.

However, there was one existence that Yoo Joonghyuk didn't expect. A person
who adapted to the new future changed by Yoo Joonghyuk and appeared as Yoo
Joonghyuk's companion.

 "I believe in you, Yoo Joonghyuk." 

Prophet Anna Croft. In the past round, she was Yoo Joonghyuk's companion.

I blocked his hand and called out, "Yoo Joonghyuk."

I thought it would be fine. I thought it would be different from the previous
lives that he lived. We came to this place by saving each other's lives
several times and I thought there must be some type of trust between us.

"I'm not Anna Croft. I won't betray you."

 "I believed you wouldn't betray me." 

Yoo Joonghyuk failed the 46th scenario thanks to Anna Croft. He lost his party
members and everything he had. Yoo Joonghyuk survived but he didn't survive.
After losing everything to Anna Croft in the 46th scenario and having his
existence given to her, he lived like a slave until he died.

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me.

"Kim Dokja, you said you are a prophet." The expression on Yoo Joonghyuk's
face was cold. "I don't like you. It was like this from the beginning."

Transcendent energy rose from Yoo Joonghyuk's body. The Black Heavenly Demon
Sword didn't hesitate even a bit and I also raised the power of
Electrification to the limit. My body bounced like a warm as shock waves were
felt.

Now I was really angry. "You son of a bitch\!"

\[The status of the demon king has opened\!\]

It was Demon King Transformation combined with Electrification. I focused all
my power and responded to Yoo Joonghyuk. It was the opening of the second
round that we didn't finish the other day.

The star was rolling around from the collision and I shouted. "You reached all
this way and you're just going to give up? Do you covet my skills and stories
that much?"

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. I bit my lips as I swung my sword. Unbroken Faith
and the Black Heavenly Demon Sword collided and created an ear-splitting
sound.

.

...Yes, it wasn't that I didn't understand. Yoo Joonghyuk was betrayed by the
prophet in the last round. Thus, the strength he desired most must be the
power of prophecy itself. In addition, he still misunderstood me as a prophet.

 Kim Dok ja is a fo ol. 

What?

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is activated\!\]

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is shaking and smiling.\]

My head instantly turned cold like cold water was poured on me. Was Yoo
Joonghyuk really trying to kill me because I was a prophet? Was he doing this
to gain my skills and stories?

.

...Had he postponed everything only for this moment?

\[There are unread messages left in Midday Tryst.\]

An item with the traces of the past three years. I blocked Yoo Joonghyuk's
sword while opening Midday Tryst.

\[There are ??? unread messages.\]

\[The messages can't be read because they are corrupted.\]

Damn...

 Shoul d I he lp? 

At these words, the messages in my mind started to be sorted.

\[The corrupted messages will be recovered in an incomplete manner with the
power of Fourth Wall.\]

The messages left by Yoo Joonghyuk started to play in an incomplete manner
through the Fourth Wall's mouth.

Lee Gil young and Shin Yoo sung, annoy ing kids. 

 Lee Hyun sung is a stu pid sol dier. 

They were funny messages. Did this brat use a chat window as a notepad?

It is bad be tween Jung Hee won and Han Soo young. 

 Lee Ji hye's head is not go od. 

 Yoo Sang ah does not ha ve to do this. 

He only wrote bad things about the party members. However, I knew Yoo
Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk was a person who didn't mention anyone he was
uninterested in.

 Kim Dok ja. 

I instantly became dizzy, like I had been hit on the head with a hammer. "Yoo
Joonghyuk, you now..."

In the first place, this scenario could only be activated when recognized as a
'companion'. If he hadn't trusted me and recognized me as a colleague, he
couldn't enter this scenario.

\[Your understanding of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is increasing
explosively.\]

\[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated\!\]

I stared at Yoo Joonghyuk in a daze. Yoo Joonghyuk didn't want my skills or
stories. Finally, he opened his mouth. "My indulgence is up to here."

The Black Heavenly Demon Sword pointed at my neck. "You have been acting
freely in the last three years. You can't do that again."

"It was necessary. It was unavoidable to go to the \!"

"Nobody knows if your pursuit of the  is right or not."

"So you want the right over my life and death?"

A calm anger flared in Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes. "At least this way, you won't be
willing to sacrifice yourself again and the others... they won't do anything
unnecessary."

The Fourth Wall continued to read sentences from Midday Tryst.

 Lee Ji hye ta kes her life light ly. 

 Lee Hyun sung deliber ately jump ed in to the mon sters. 

I realized the 'unnecessary' things the party members had been doing. I
declared, "I will never do such a thing again."

"..."

"Who wants to die? I don't want to either."

Yoo Joonghyuk didn't remove the sword aimed at me. His eyes showed he didn't
believe my words. In the end, I had to change the direction of my persuasion.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, if you touch the star, you can gain the my 'life and death
rights' but you will also get

the traitor story."

The traitor story.

"Once you get that story, you won't be trusted by the party members even if
you go to the following scenario. No one will believe you anymore. Do you want
to live like that?"

No one wanted to be hated. It was the same for the cold-blooded regressor, Yoo
Joonghyuk. Especially if it was the Yoo Joonghyuk who had companions.

"It doesn't matter."

"What?"

Yoo Joonghyuk looked at me. His thoughts were heard through Omniscient
Reader's Viewpoint.

 ...It would've been better if I was like you. 

The Yoo Joonghyuk I knew would've never done this. My feet hardened as Yoo
Joonghyuk moved towards the star. Everything around us slowed as if someone
had pulled the anode of time.

By the way, is the Yoo Joonghyuk of your world okay?

The voice of the 1863rd Han Sooyoung was heard.

This Yoo Joonghyuk is a worn-out person but is the 3rd round Yoo Joonghyuk
still right in the head? He will surely be broken if someone like you shows
up.

The expression on Yoo Joonghyuk's face as he reached towards the star wasn't
that of the main character. This was no longer the proud and confident Yoo
Joonghyuk that I remembered. Rather, Yoo Joonghyuk was frightened by
something.

 This world needs Kim Dokja. 

 And the other party members... 

 I'm not the one who can clear the scenarios to the end. 

The Fourth Wall said.  You want ed this to o. 

My ears were buzzing as the things I had done so far passed through my head.
The history where I obtained the things that Yoo Joonghyuk should've got and
took the places where Yoo Joonghyuk's should've climbed flowed like a
panorama.

 "I am Yoo Joonghyuk." 

The words that were uttered as a joke were returned to me. The history that I
took away without thinking made the present Yoo Joonghyuk.

 You want ed to be the ma in charac ter. 

No.

The Fourth Wall said.  You are Yoo Joonghyuk. 

I wasn't Yoo Joonghyuk.

 Kim Dokja is Yoo Joonghyuk. 

I didn't want to be the main character.

 Th en why ha ve you be en do ing the scena rios so far? 

Why have I been doing the scenarios? I could see Yoo Joonghyuk reaching
towards the star. I muttered inwardly. I couldn't explain in words why I was
clearing the scenarios.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is causing an unknown reaction.\]

I heard a sound in my head. It was the sound of something solid cracking. I
listened to the sound as I ran towards Yoo Joonghyuk. As if he had been
waiting, Yoo Joonghyuk turned towards me.

The transcendent power that had matured. Over the past three years, Yoo
Joonghyuk had become stronger.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is telling the giant story 'Demon Realm's
Spring'.\]

"You aren't my opponent."

"Maybe that is true." During my trip to the 1863rd round, Yoo Joonghyuk became
strong enough that perhaps I couldn't win against him. I didn't understand how
such a strong person could be lacking confidence. "However, I know a person
who can beat you."

Yoo Joonghyuk was afraid. The information he received from the 41st regression
Shin Yoosung would soon run out. He would be starting a story he didn't know.

\[You have received the story reward given for the Outer World Covenant.\]

Thus, I had to let him know.

You aren't only this much. The place you can reach isn't only the 41st round.

\[You have earned the 'myth'-grade story\!\]

\[The story has been handed down to you by someone.\]

There was a dazzling light as the messages exploded in my head.

\[The myth-grade story 'A Single Story' is responding to your level\!\]

\[The myth-grade story is sufficient to replace the giant story\!\]

\[The 'succession' portion of your first myth-grade story has been
completed\!\]

\[Part of the story is lost during the transmission and the 'succession'
couldn't be completed.\]

\[Acquire other myth rated stories or giant stories.\]

...Obtaining this story wasn't part of my original plan. I didn't know I would
get this story in the 1863rd round. In any case, the situation was like this
so it wouldn't be bad to use the story.

\[The size of the story has gone beyond your capacity to tell it.\]

\[At your Reading Comprehension level, you can only interpret part of the
story.\]

I got a nosebleed and my body trembled like it was electrocuted. Dark shadows
flocked around me and Yoo Joonghyuk. The scenery of the room changed and I
could smell sulfur. Hot hellfire and blood covered the floor.

I could hear Yoo Joonghyuk's confused voice. I didn't respond to him and just
gazed at the countless shadows around me.

\[Measuring the number of rounds possible with your Reading Comprehension
level.\]

Numbers quickly passed before my eyes.

\[The maximum number of times you can read 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is up to the '41st
round'.\]

\[Do you want to select the 41st round?\]

I slowly nodded and Yoo Joonghyuk's emotions filled my head. Terrible despair
and helplessness. Emotions that were worn out from the scenarios. A crazy
depression attacked me and the sound of derisive laughter could be heard. I
endured all of it.

\[The talent of 'Yoo Joonghyuk' in that round is attracted to you.\]

In the midst of this distant feeling of loneliness, a shadow was watching me.
The 41st round Yoo Joonghyuk. The cruel man who sent Shin Yoosung to his past.

He spoke to me,  My specialty is the spear. 

A spear that existed in the dark shadow appeared in front of my eyes. I didn't
hesitate to grab the spear.

\[The story 'Hell of Eternity' has begun.\]


