### Chapter 410: Ep. 78 - Twist/, II

Cheok Jungyeong unsheathed his sword as he stepped forward. His Stories,
tempered on the 'Isle of Reincarnators', wrapped around him and rippled about
like real muscles.

\[Let us get going, small Transcendent.\]

Kyrgios climbed up on Cheok Jungyeong's shoulder. They once worked together to
fight the 'Indescribable Distance' in the past.

The latter leapt up towards the heavens, and Kyrgios's \[Electrification\]
danced on his blade next. And as the bright, pure-white electrical current
enveloped Cheok Jungyeong's figure, he began glittering like a god of
lightning.

\[I, Cheok Jungyeong, have been waiting for this day\!\]

A splendid Status revealed itself.

The enemy that his sword, used to cut apart mountains and the seas, couldn't
cut was now right before him.

He trained hard to perfect the incomplete 'Fourth Sword' for this very moment.
In order to fight against that sheer, immeasurable emptiness, he spent
countless hours creating a sword skill.

And this was the result.

His Story, condensed tightly until it was almost ready to burst, was ignited,
and Kyrgios's electrical current violently spun around in their vicinity.

Constellations on the ground all looked up.

One Constellation, and one Transcendent.

As if to mock these two's Statuses, the clone of the 'Indescribable Distance'
opened its maws wide towards them. And just before the open jaw of the fog of
darkness swallowed up the starlight...

'The Fourth Law'.

...Light gushed out from Cheok Jungyeong's sword.

'Fourth Sword that Beheads the Emptiness'.

The center of the fog slowly split apart; just like the belly of a beast being
sliced open, something began leaking out from that exposed center.

The yellowing eye protruding from the fog of darkness began to disintegrate
while spewing out Stories.

\[Many Constellations cannot take their eyes away from the martial glory
displayed by 'Goryeo's First Sword'\!\]

\[The jaws of many Constellations have fallen at this unbelievable
spectacle\!\]

All the Constellations on the ground were astonished by what they saw.

Even if it was just a clone, their opponent was still the 'Indescribable
Distance', the cleaner of <Star Stream> and the calamity that devoured all
distorted Probability.

The calamity widely known as undefeatable, was cut in half by Cheok Jungyeong.
No one even managed to clearly catch the shape of that sword strike.

Only Yoo Joonghyuk managed to recognise that attack. Even the man who
previously sliced a star in half looked utterly stunned right now.

"The Will-formed Blade..."

The power to cut the world down with nothing but one's own determination; the
pinnacle reputedly only reachable through training in martial arts. And Cheok
Jungyeong had reached that lofty height after becoming a Constellation.

\[There is no existence that cannot be cut down by my blade\!\]

Standing within the exploding light show, Cheok Jungyeong watched the
scattering fog and felt the sense of release wash over him.

Just how long did he endure just to be able to cut that thing?

That ecstasy of the moment, when he stepped into the realm of empty-mindedness
and his will itself became the sword. The Four Sword Style's 'Fourth Sword
that Beheads the Emptiness' was the cumulation of all the martial arts he had
mastered.

He looked in Yoo Joonghyuk's direction and shouted out. \[Now go,
Descendants\! Go and bring Kim Dokj...\]

Unfortunately, he didn't get to finish what he was saying; an incredible
impact force from behind managed to wreck his entire Incarnation Body. He fell
like a meteor and crashed deeply into the ground.

As his vision rocked unstably, he forced himself to look up, and that's when
he realized what had happened to him. Someone began muttering near him.

\[Oh, dear lord... <Star Stream> might be finished at this rate.\]

He couldn't understand it; Cheok Jungyeong felt his body tremble
uncontrollably.

...But, how?

I cut it down just now, so how?

As if what happened a moment was all a joke, the giant eye in the sky was
still looking down on him.

There was more than one clone.

So many, in fact, the whole sky seemed to be covered by them. Clones of the
'Indescribable Distance', dozens upon dozens of them, were descending to the
ground in order to devour every living thing down below.

\[Uwaaaahk\!\!\]

Historical-grade Constellations, overcome by terror, began running to the
other side of the horizon. Unfortunately, the calamity also flooded in from
that side as well.

Crrrraaaack\!

Fangs rising up from within the fog crushed the Incarnation Bodies of the
Constellations like the soft pulp of a fruit. There was no place to run nor
hide now. Although slightly better than dealing with the Apocalypse Dragon's
shockwaves, this situation was just as despairing, nonetheless.

\[Everyone, calm down\! You all saw it, didn't you? We can fight back against
this creature\!\] Dionysus shouted until his voice turned hoarse, but
Constellations simply couldn't fight together. \[Damn it...\]

Constellations from <Olympus> had spent a considerable amount of their
Statuses while enduring against the two previous shockwaves and couldn't
display their usual prowess now, and even <Underworld> had used up far too
much of its Probability and was searching for the right Story. At least, Uriel
and the Black Flame Dragon were still putting up a good fight.

"Get lost\!\! I said, get the hell away from me, you stinking bastards\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk, Han Sooyoung, and Jung Heewon unleashed their Statuses, their
backs pressed against each other.

They were planning to continue fighting against the fog of darkness and rush
towards where Kim Dokja had disappeared into as soon as an opening was
created. However, no such gap opened up for them. At this rate, they would be
wiped out before they even began rescuing him.

"God damn it\! Isn't there anyone else? Isn't there any other friends of Kim
Dokja still left somewhere?\!"

No matter how much Han Sooyoung racked her brain, she couldn't come up with
anyone that could help.

Both the Statuses of the Black Flame Dragon and Uriel were gradually declining
now.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is glaring at 'Scribe of
Heaven'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', says he still can't use the
'Right Hand of the Void Destruction'...\]

The fog of darkness had enveloped the 'Isle of Reincarnators', which was about
the same as it having finished its preparation to devour this place whole.

It was around then when the specks of light akin to a car's headlights shone
from the distance. Along with loud screeching, something arrived by their side
after breaking past the deflagration.

A vehicle rather familiar to the members of <Kim Dokja's Company> appeared
from beyond the choking dust.

\[Hmm. It'll get rather troublesome if you get injured here. You still have
three more adverts you need to shoot for me, after all.\]

The door to the \[X-class Ferrarghini\] opened, and the grey-haired middle-
aged man waved his hand with a smile. He wore a pink-coloured polo shirt with
images of pineapples etched on it, plus a torn pair of jeans. Han Sooyoung saw
his outrageous fashion sense that simply didn't match the current battlefield
and her jaw fell to the ground.

"...Mass Production Maker??"

Several Constellations fighting against the Calamity began muttering to each
other after hearing her.

\[Mass Production Maker? Is he a strong Constellation?\]

\[No, that geezer won't be of much help.\]

\[I think I've heard about him before. Blinded by Coins, he continues to pump
out trashy Stories...\]

Han Sooyoung stared at that 'Mass Production Maker'. He was supposed to be a
Narrative-grade Constellation, but contrary to his rank, the Status she could
feel was nothing to write home about.

The Mass Production Maker chuckled good-naturedly. \[Huhuh. It seems that I
come across as not all that reliable.\]

His relaxed observation prompted Thor to stop chugging wine down his throat
and shout back. \[Oiii, Mister Steady\! Since you came, hurry and lend us a
helping hand\! We urgently need any help we can find, even from a geezer\!\]

\[Hmm, but, I didn't come here to fight.\]

\[Then why the hell did you even come here for?\]

\[Well, I was thinking of sponsoring some Coins.\]

\[You mad geezer... What good will that do right now?\!\]

Constellations couldn't hold their anger back and shouted out.

\[If you showed up to spout nonsense, then get the hell away from here\! A
stinking old man blinded by Coins...\!\]

Strangely enough, the Mass Production Maker didn't show any signs of cowering.
It was at that moment Han Sooyoung recalled a certain conversation she had
with Kim Dokja in the past.

While she was glancing at the 'Mass Production Maker' chatting to Dokkaebis
outside the recording booth, she asked him.

 Hey, Kim Dokja. Just who is that Constellation, anyway? He doesn't seem all
that strong to me... Why are those Dokkaebis grovelling before him like that?

Kim Dokja replied as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.

 Because... he's got a lot of Coins.

Like Kim Dokja back then, the Mass Production Maker was grinning brightly
right now. \[I can't understand you young ones. Why do you all dismiss Coins
like that?\]

\[Who cares about those consumables...?\!\]

Along with a spinning noise, a Coin popped up on top of the Mass Production
Maker's palm. It was just one single Coin. \[Now, look closely. Does this Coin
look like nothing more than 'consumable' to you? Haven't you ever wondered why
<Star Stream> uses these 'Coins' as the standard trading unit? Don't you find
that strange?\]

\[What bullshit are you trying to say now?\!\]

While staring at the clones that had encroached right before his nose, the
Mass Production Maker spoke up. \[Let me give you a hint. Everything within
<Star Stream> is created through 'Stories'. In that case, what about 'Coins',
then?\]

\[...Is this the sign of senility? I'm busy, so stop talking to me\!\]

Constellations focused on shooting out their magical energy at the space
around them as if they no longer wanted to hear an old man's ramblings. Han
Sooyoung, however, continued to listen even when still trapped in this urgent
situation.

And, goosebumps broke out all over her skin.

It was as exactly as the Mass Production Maker had said; everything in <Star
Stream> was a 'Story'.

In that case, why was the trading unit of <Star Stream> not 'Stories' but
'Coins', instead?

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

An enormous amount of Probability was welling up all round the Mass Production
Maker. And as he was bathed in the influence of that Probability, his own
Status was rising up explosively.

That gob-smacking rate of increase shocked the Constellations of both 'Good'
and 'Evil', and they all looked at the Mass Production Maker.

\[A very old Story has begun its storytelling.\]

The Mass Production Maker  he too was a Constellation pursuing his own
version of 'A Single Story'.

In that case, what was the  he was pursuing after?

\[What rules this world is neither 'Good' nor 'Evil'. It's 'capital'.\]

He then chucked that Coin high up in the air.

Yoo Joonghyuk saw it, so did Han Sooyoung, and Jung Heewon. But none of them
saw how much was written on that coin.

\[And I possess more Coins than anyone in <Star Stream>.\]

More specifically, they would have believed whatever amount was claimed to be
written on it. If one wanted to create a miracle like that with Coins, how
much would one need to spend?

\[Someone has spent a lot of Coins\!\]

\[Story, 'Materialism', has begun its storytelling\!\]

A short while later, a deafening boom resounded out from the other side of the
sky where the Coin had disappeared to. Accompanied by the ripping sound, a
doorway whirling about opened up there. It was a Gate.

\[A one-way Gate has been generated.\]

The Gate that only the Dokkaebis and the Bureau could open up was actually
opened by a mere Constellation.

\[<Star Stream>'s Bureau is looking at the Probability of the applicable
scenario's...\]

\[Summoning has begun\!\]

Several humanoid shapes began appearing beyond the Gate itself. With a relaxed
face belonging to a holiday maker, the 'Mass Production Maker' shrugged his
shoulders. \[Oh, by the way. You guys were right about one thing. I'm terrible
at fighting.\]

Blinding rays of light exploded from the other side of the Gate.

The old man put a pair of sunglasses on as if he'd been expecting that and
continued on. \[Instead, I can bring a few friends who are very good at that
by doing this.\]

Some people were being summoned to the battlefield through the Gate. The first
one to recognise them was Yoo Joonghyuk.

"...Master?"

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Transcendents were flying out of the Gate
now. There were several other familiar faces among the group beside her, too.

Such as, the One Invincible Fist, Yoo Hoseong.

One of the most powerful beings on the 'Isle of Reincarnators' had entered
this scenario in order to lend them aid. The reason for the Breaking the Sky
Sword Saint's belated arrival must've had something to do with persuading them
to come here. However, Yoo Joonghyuk's expression didn't improve even then.

...Will they be enough to stop this calamity?

There were dozens of calamity's clones, each so powerful that Narrative-grade
Constellations couldn't even deal with a single one. No matter how powerful
the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Yoo Hoseong were, this enemy was not
something a group of Transcendents could overcome.

But then, there was one more familiar face right at the end of the descending
Transcendents.

"Seriously, now\! Should've helped us get here from the get-go, you know\!"

It was Jang Hayoung.

A few companions shouted towards her, calling her over. She smiled
embarrassedly and waved her hand back. "Sorry about being so late\! I was
trying to persuade someone."

...Persuade?

Jang Hayoung couldn't continue on, however.

Because the entrance of new, powerful beings caused the clones of the
'Indescribable Distance' to change the direction of their attacks.

Nervousness quickly dyed her expression as she watched the Outer God approach
her location.

Jang Hayoung had seen those things back in the Demon Realm. She knew very well
that the current her couldn't even deal with a single clone.

That was with only her own powers, though.

Right in the next instance, a golden aura exploded out from her figure. An
incredible amount of Status was being unleashed with her as its center.

Her golden locks spread out like waves and a slender golden headband appeared
above her pale-smooth forehead. And then, a beautiful golden-coloured fur coat
covered her entire body.

She slowly opened her eyes to reveal the swirling ominous aura of 'Golden
Gaze, Fiery Eyes'.

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is narrowing his eyes.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is surprised silly.\]

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', is sighing out.\]

\[All neutral-type Constellations can't hide their astonishment\!\]

Everyone present recognised the owner of that Status. It was impossible not
to.

Jang Hayoung extended her hand out and the world's heaviest staff found itself
in her grip in the next moment. Boundlessly arrogant and aloof eyes glared at
the azure sky, and every cloud in the world trembled all at the same time.

\[Go and rescue Kim Dokja.\]

Those words were not spoken by Jang Hayoung.

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', has incarnated into the
scenario\!\]


