### Chapter 320: Ep. 60 -Taste of Ruin, V

"King of Salvation, what are you doing? Go and take the coin." Anna Croft
spoke provocatively. "Or maybe it wouldn't be too bad to admit defeat neatly.

I slowly looked around at the constellations in the audience and then Phobos
in front of me. The information of Ways of Survival passed through my head.

 The nebula that exerts the greatest power in the Context of the
Constellations is Olympus. The nebula maximizes its power in certain areas and
the most representative one is the auction house. 

This was why Anna Croft could be so relaxed. The biggest event that could be
reached through the Context of the Constellations was Gigantomachia. Thus, the
organizer Olympus was the force with the strongest influence.

"You seem to have misunderstood something... I have no intention of fighting."

\[Once again, you can't use skills here. Return to your seat. Otherwise, you
will be bound by the authority of the 'legal zone'.\]

He was a person that wasn't easy to talk to.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' admires Olympus'
stubbornness.\]

If I used a skill to retrieve the skill, the constellations would exercise the
authority of the 'legal zone'.

In other words, Anna Croft knew from the beginning that I couldn't use skills
and made this bet. I spoke to Phobos, "It is Anna Croft who used a skill
first. Shouldn't you punish her first?"

\[Incarnation Anna Croft has already received permission to use skills from
Olympus.\]

"Then give me permission."

\[You can't.\]

"Why?"

\[I can't tell you the details. The auction is over and you should leave here
with your party.\]

Anna Croft was looking at me with a peculiar smile. There was no laughter in
my mind.

...Yes, she had calculated up to here?

Han Sooyoung heard the story and cursed. "What is this dog?\! Are you joking
right now?"

Yoo Joonghyuk also pulled out the Black Heavenly Demon Sword. The bear Lee
Hyunsung made a threatening sound as he banged his gloves together. I warned
Han Sooyoung.

Stop the party. Don't move at all.

What? Hey, this is ridiculous. If we don't move now...

If we fight here, we will be doing what they want.

You are going to play her game?

Can't I?

I waved my hand in a reassuring manner and looked back at Phobos. "Then I'll
take the coin as scheduled."

\[What?\]

At the same time, I used a skill.

\[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' has begun\!\]

I suddenly opened the giant story and the complexion of the constellations
turned white. He didn't know I would open this and the startled Phobos
shouted. \[Demon King of Salvation. I don't know what you're thinking but
you're making a mistake.\]

"A mistake? What mistake?"

\[This is the 'legal zone' of my nebula. Don't you know that when you start a
riot, you will be bound by probability?\]

I took a breath and immediately replied with my true voice. \[So? What do you
want to say?\]

I activated Electrification through Bookmarks.

\[Don't you know how much I've been holding back in the meantime? It has been
from the time you messed with my fate.\]

Phobos was the son of Ares. Perhaps this guy helped make my nasty fate.

\[What...?\]

\[Try to stop me, if you have the ability.\]

The story of the Demon Realm added to the magic power of Electrification. The
white magic power and black magic power spread like a gradient.

Phobos was still unable to grasp the situation and shouted. \[You\! You dare
to be hostile to Olympus\!\]

\[Tell this to the 12 gods.\]

I swung my fist as hard as I could towards Phobos, who was raising his status.

\[Kim Dokja's Company, I'm going to aggressively grow the company.\]

There was an explosion in the center of the auction house and Phobos' bloody
body flew through the air. There was a bombardment of Electrification and
Phobos' incarnation body screamed terribly as he was buried deep into the
ground.

\[Many constellations are astonished by your actions\!\]

\[The nebula 'Olympus' has noticed your actions\!\]

I looked down at the groaning Phobos. Wandering Terror was still a narrative-
grade constellation. He wasn't an easy opponent to hit. However, he was
careless because I was a constellation in a small nebula and this was the
result of his neglect.

\[Where is the legal zone you were talking about?\]

The dejected constellations of Olympus stared at me and stepped back.

\[You have committed a criminal act in Olympus's legal zone\!\]

The probability restraint didn't act immediately. I activated Way of the Wind
and jumped into the air, snatching the coin.

\[1,00,000 coins have been acquired as a scenario reward.\]

At the same time, system messages poured out.

\[The sub scenario  Entertainment of Ruin has ended.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is cheering\!\]

\[Some constellations are applauding your courage\!\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is concerned about your
safety\!\]

\[The winners of the bets have sponsored you 100,000 coins\!\]

I gained 1.1 million coins with one blow. It was a very profitable business.

\[Grab that bastard\! Do it now\!\]

Some of the constellations shouted but none of the Olympus constellations came
forward. It was due to the power of the giant story that I showed.

Anna Croft was watching me from the ground. "Your body is light compared to
the power you have, Demon King of Salvation." She lost a million coins but she
wasn't disappointed. It was because she knew what would happen next.

"Now you'll be trapped in Olympus' prison." The constellations who disturbed
the legal zone were imprisoned in Olympus. "It also means you won't be
eligible to participate in Gigantomachia.

I laughed as I watched Anna Croft.

\[I know that much.\]

Maybe Anna Croft didn't know. I was aiming for this from the beginning.

\[The probability of the nebula 'Olympus' is binding you.\]

\[Your incarnation will be transferred to the court of justice in Olympus.\]

A bright light poured out and someone started to swallow me. Han Sooyoung
shouted, "Kim Dokja\! Where are you going again? You crazy bastard\!"

The probability of the legal zone finally started to work. All the troubles
that occurred in this auction house would be handled according to the will of
the local jurisdiction.

I smiled at Han Sooyoung.

I'll be back\!

"You deliberately...\!"

I'll see you in a week. Remember what I said? Prepare well.

I could hear Han Sooyoung shouting something. They were mostly curses. The
next moment, my body disappeared in the light. There was a short dizziness
from the forced dimensional movement. I opened my eyes with a small groan and
saw that I was thrown into a dim darkness. By the way... I didn't come alone.

"...Why did you come?"

I turned to see Yoo Joonghyuk holding onto my shoulder.

"I can't just watch you do your crazy plans again."

As expected, this guy knew what I was going to do. "Those crazy plans have
saved you so far."

"Where do you plan to die alone?"

I stopped talking because something appeared in the silent darkness. I turned
my head and a small staircase appeared in front of our eyes. On top of this
staircase were two thrones. Two dolls were hanging on the throne. My skin got
goosebumps just by looking at this. Even the mighty Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't
endure it and grasped the hilt of his sword. In particular, one of the two
dolls contained a great status that we couldn't measure.

\[Demon King of Salvation, did you have to do this?\]

The woman sitting on the throne sighed. The woman seemed to lift the darkness
just by walking.

I bowed towards her. The woman who descended the stairs was Persephone, Queen
of the Darkest Spring. "...It's been a while. Your appearance has changed
again."

Persephone smiled faintly at my words. \[I'm interested in Eden these days.
You seem to like this constellation, right?\]

"Yes, I like her but..."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' likes your words.\]

\[By the way, there is someone who is very angry with your rudeness. Do you
know?\]

"I know."

 Anyone who has committed a transgression in Olympus' legal zone will be
placed in front of the most terrible judge of Olympus. 

Originally, it would've been one of the judges of the Underworld greeting me,
not Persephone. Perhaps I would be jailed for a short time in Tartarus under a
proper verdict. Nevertheless, I met Persephone instead of a judge. Maybe it
was because Persephone interfered.

"I'm sorry, there was no other way. All portals to Olympus were blocked."

\[...Huhu, you are really cocky to shoot at the sky.\]

The air in the area froze. The darkness solidified because of the sound.
Breathing became more and more difficult and it was hard to move even a
finger. It was amazing that someone's will could have such power by itself.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is making an interested
expression.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is filled with a competitive
spirit.\]

\[The constellation 'Maritime War God' truly feels admiration.\]

\[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' can't close his surprised
mouth.\]

The constellations in my channel reacted violently. Perhaps it would be
difficult to find anyone with a stronger status in all of the Star Stream.

\[I'll introduce you, Demon King of Salvation.\]

I turned and saw a faint light in the darkness. There was someone in the
center of the rich darkness. How could I describe it in words? A man who
looked like darkness itself. The obsidian eyes embedded in pure white skin
seemed to penetrate into my existence.

\[Giant Story 'Underworld' has begun.\]

One of the oldest myths in the world was looking at me. It was always
mentioned together with the myth of Olympus but in fact, it didn't belong to
Olympus. The loneliest and most solitary constellation in all of Ways of
Survival. In order to pass through this Gigantomachia safely and to save Yoo
Sangah...

I had to surely borrow the hand of this constellation. I took a deep breath
and slowly opened my mouth. "King of the Underworld, Father of the Rich
Night."

The night of the Underworld looked down at me. The creepy air pressured me but
I couldn't be pushed here. It was because I was here as the representative of
Kim Dokja's Company.

"Do you want to try making the real Gigantomachia with me?"


