### Chapter 381: Ep. 72 - Three Methods, V

"Those two, they are engaged."

"Pardon?"

I let my jaw drop at that huge bombshell and slowly shifted my head over to
Lee Hyunsung. He blushed his cheeks a little when our gazes met, and I saw him
look away soon after.

Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung  the First Prince of the Kaizenix Archipelago,
and the esteemed daughter of an Earl.

Sure, there was quite a difference in height to overcome, but... When looking at
them some more, they did seem well suited to each other. Their personalities
were a bad match-up, but then again, they had a surprising amount of
similarities, too.

My mischievous streak reared its head and I raised my voice. "Oiii. You two
kind of resemble a black bear and a newborn chick..."

Almost at the same time, gigantic murderous intent flew in my direction.

"I'll kill you."

"One more word, and I'll tear your mouth wide open."

Cold sweat trickled down my backside.

Jung Heewon whispered in my ear. "Maybe it's better not to provoke them?"

"I guess so. By the way... Didn't something happen on your side as well, Heewon-
ssi?"

"...Excuse me?"

I replied Jung Heewon's confusion with a grin and quickly got in between Yoo
Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung. Their facial expressions were frozen stiff as if
they were unhappy about my joke earlier.

"Han Sooyoung. Your role is the most important one. You know that, right? You
gotta do your part properly, so that..."

She didn't answer back.

"...Han Sooyoung?"

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

Strange sparks suddenly danced around her figure. I instantly figured out what
happened; Yuri di Aristel's ego was pushing aside Han Sooyoung's.

I'll never let you go.

Yuri was crying out, tears streaming out of her eyes.

Sooner or later, you'll regret leaving this place\!

All the Stories you possess will wither away like ruins with no one visiting
them, and no one will remember them anymore.

And in the end, they won't even be able to stay frozen in this island and
vanish from this world\!

I looked back at her and made my reply. "That could happen."

What was that?

Yuri sounded dumbfounded. I quietly observed her for a moment.

Yuri di Aristel  this scenario's original heroine.

If the scenario unfolded as it should have, then by this time, she'd probably
have become the king's lover after experiencing a regular life of growing up
as someone's daughter.

If you remain in this world, you'll all be safe.

I could sympathise with her, who had no choice but to say something like that,
but at the same time, I could not claim to sympathise with her point of view.
Because we weren't living in the same Story.

In a way, you were simply reading the stories, no matter how many you had read
so far. Perhaps that was why, all I could do for now was not to arrogantly
convince her, but to simply imagine.

...What if Han Sooyoung was me, what would she have said right about now?

I'll ask the 'King of Reincarnators' for a favour. Let us remain in this
place together. And entrust yourselves to the Samsara's wall. When you do...

"Then, we'd live on while carrying out the exact same scenario every single
time."

What?

I slowly blinked my eyes and asked her. "Yuri di Aristel. How did it feel when
you became the queen for the first time ever?"

Her irises quaked intensely just then.

I...

The 'Isle of Reincarnators' was basically a museum of ancient Stories that had
disappeared in the back alleys of the changing era.

The foundation of this world was one of the 3rd generation's medieval-themed
fantasy settings. Yuri di Aristel would've lived the same life over and over
again while repeating the actions and speeches as set out by the Giant Story.

Han Sooyoung knew this, and she probably wanted to show her host the
possibility of new stories.

...Tell her that we were not slaves ruled by the Stories.

I, only...\!\!

Most likely, Yuri had realized it by now. Because Han Sooyoung was an
excellent writer, after all.

"You like Han Sooyoung, yes?"

...

"If you do, please believe in her. She will definitely not abandon you."

Yuri di Aristel looked at me for a little while before forming a complicated
expression; her presence vanished afterwards. A round of lightly-dancing
sparks later, Han Sooyoung's white irises reverted back to their normal state.

She staggered a little bit as if she was struck by a dizzy spell. She then
looked at me as if impressed by my actions and spoke. "...Kim Dokja. Not too
shabby, eh?"

"I learned from you."

"Yuri might really want to marry you at this rate..."

"Stop with your nonsense and get ready. We're about to make our entrance."

We pushed the doors to the audience chamber wide open. And almost immediately,
threatening air poured down on us from either sides of the chamber itself.

At the same time, Jung Heewon stood next to me and spoke. "I'm sorry about
that time, Dokja-ssi."

I didn't have to ask her to know what she was apologising for.

"In return, I'll protect you properly this time."

"I trust you."

When Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon stood on my sides, the threatening air
pouring down on me softened by a good deal. I felt reassured with the greatest
sword and shield gathered in one place like this.

I scanned the crowd of people lining up on either side of the audience
chamber.

On one side, representatives from the revolutionaries.

And on the other, nobles and their flagbearers.

We walked past them and headed straight towards the throne. But, just as we
arrived before it, someone among the gathered crowd loudly shouted at us.

"Who is the king?"

Who was the king...

They were here to get the answer to that burning question.

"Is it like what the rumour said and the Dark Magician is the new queen?"

"Show us the legitimate king\!"

"Oh, dear Princes\! Tell us the truth\!"

The moment I saw their faces, a realization dawned on me; none of these people
were here on their own volition.

It was this world's Story that had summoned them here.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', has bared its animosity.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk and I looked at Han Sooyoung simultaneously. She nodded her head
and took a step forward.

"I am the new ruler of the Kaizenix Archipelago."

The crowd immediately began protesting.

"You dare\!"

"Where is the rightful heir of the Kaizenix line?"

"Kill that wench\!"

Han Sooyoung didn't panic and unsheathed the sword.

"And this sword is the proof of my kingship."

Unbroken Faith emitted blindingly pure white light. Several of the crowd
recognised the weapon and went down on their knees, but still, the majority
were shooting the glares of distrust in our direction.

It was here that Yoo Joonghyuk stepped forward.

"She is indeed the Archipelago's new ruler."

The expressions of fluster appeared on the faces of First Prince's supporters
after he made that declaration. Vigorous opposition quickly rose up from the
revolutionaries.

"But, but, how can that be... Something like this has never happened before\!"

"There's a first time for everything."

"Our family cannot accept this result...\!"

And at last, folks breaking character to voice their opinions made their
appearance, too.

"Your choice does not align with our worldview\!"

"Our worldview simply wants..."

I addressed them with these words. "Your worldview? What could that possibly
be?"

The crowd shut their mouths. Without saying anything else, I shifted my gaze
above to the message floating in the air.

\[Genre of the applicable scenario is 'Kim Dokja's Company'.\]

There was no such genre called 'Kim Dokja's Company' in the world. However,
there being none didn't mean a story couldn't be told, either.

"<Kim Dokja's Company> isn't like any other genre," Yoo Joonghyuk spoke up
again. "<Kim Dokja's Company> is simply <Kim Dokja's Company>."

Han Sooyoung raised Unbroken Faith up high, before stabbing it deeply into the
floor.

"Just like how <Kaizenix Archipelago> is simply the <Kaizenix Archipelago>."

\[Special effect of the Star Relic, 'Unbroken Faith', has activated\!\]

This sword utilised Ether of three differing attributes.

\[Ether attribute is transforming into 'Fire'.\]

Pure-white petals of flame rose up from the blade held tight in Han Sooyoung's
hand. I placed my own on the hilt of the sword.

\[Ether attribute 'Darkness' has activated in tandem.\]

And Yoo Joonghyuk's hand was placed on top of ours.

\[Ether attribute 'Divinity' has activated in tandem.\]

The three attributes of Unbroken Faith, fire, darkness, and light, began
burning up at the same time. The Archipelago's citizens had never witnessed
such a miracle before, and they stared at us in wonder.

Han Sooyoung addressed them. "The king? If you want to become one, come here
and give it a shot. That is, if you're confident of grasping this sword."

No one tried to come closer. Everyone gathered here knew the truth already 
that the moment their hands touched that brilliant light, their bodies would
crumble away like fine dust. Even though the overwhelmed crowd trembled in
fear, some still managed to ask us questions.

"All of you, why are you doing this?"

"...What are you planning to do to this archipelago?"

This was an unprecedented development. And they had grown fearful of this
world's end.

The one who replied to them was Yoo Joonghyuk. "We didn't come here to occupy
the measly little 'Kaizenix Archipelago'."

"But, we came here to liberate you all," I quickly followed that up, and
several people began muttering among themselves.

You already know what they mean, don't you?

Neither Han Sooyoung, Yoo Joonghyuk, nor I said those words.

We also can't repeat the exact same scenario over and over again.

No, it was Yuri di Aristel who had raised her voice, instead. She had finally
realized what the conclusion to this scenario we've been wishing for was.

I... plan to journey with these people.

At Yuri's words, the crowd formed utterly stunned expressions. However, it
wasn't just her who had made up their minds. I felt my heart beat powerfully
all of a sudden, and someone began speaking through my lips next.

If she's willing to do so, then I shall do the same.

These words belonged to my host, Fourth Prince Ricardo. Soon afterwards,
another voice came out from Yoo Joonghyuk, as well.

I can't let my feeble brother go all by himself.

That was from the First Prince Schweichen. After him, two more voices came
from Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon's position.

My sword will accompany you wherever you go, your highness.

I'll protect you, your majesty.

Both Bilston Framer and Erich Striker, too; it wasn't just Yuri who had been
watching our tales until now.

Indeed, the original protagonists of this world also had been watching us.

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is roaring out loudly\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is looking at this world.\]

"We will participate in the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'."

Everyone gathered here was looking at <Kim Dokja's Company>. As the company's
head representative, I addressed them once more. "And we will liberate every
person on this island from 'reincarnation'."

One by one, the crowd began kneeling down. These people, having been
playthings of the Giant Story's scenario for such a long time, were looking at
us now.

"Let's all go together."

The world was rocked by an intense vibration as soon as those words came to an
end. That was the sound of a world crumbling down. And...

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is crying out\!\]

...It was also the sound of a Giant Story collapsing on itself.

\[Giant Story, 'Kaizenix Archipelago', is activating its authority to control
every citizen in the archipelago\!\]

The giant story exhausted its own existence to continue its life.
Unfortunately, what made a Giant Story a story was...

\[Every Reincarnator in the Archipelago 'Kaizenix' is resisting against the
Giant Story's control.\]

...None other than the people in it.

\[Worldview has accepted your reply.\]

\[You have satisfied the scenario clear condition.\]

\[Sub-Scenario: 'Genre Selection' has concluded.\]

\[Scenario clear reward is being calculated.\]

\[The space-time of the applicable scenario's location is synchronising with
that of the 'Great War of Saints and Demons'.\]

\[Portal to the 'Great War of Saints and Demons' has been generated.\]

An enormous portal emitting blinding rays of light was generated in mid-air.
It was the doorway leading up to the Great War.

"I'll go first."

Yoo Joonghyuk was the first to walk inside. Other Reincarnators, finished
making up their minds, followed after him and entered the portal's innards.

Someone even asked me this. "Do you believe we can really do this?"

"I do not know. I can only pray that you can."

"How honest."

The Reincarnator smiled awkwardly and stepped across the portal.

The waves of people flooded out of here. Han Sooyoung and I stayed back at the
end of the queue and watched them leave.

She opened her lips to speak. "You should go ahead first."

Most likely, she still had fond memories of this place. I figured that it'd
not be such a bad idea to let her have some alone time to reminisce a bit.
But, just before I could step inside the portal, she grabbed me.

"Hey, Kim Dokja."

It seemed that she wanted to ask me something. I quietly stared at her for a
bit, and eventually, she grandly sighed and waved her hand about.

"Forget it. It's nothing."

"What's the matter?"

"I said, it's nothing to worry about."

She tried to avoid my gaze while grumbling loudly.

I got worried somewhat and pulled my leg out of the portal with a sigh.

"You can just tell me. We went our separate ways in a similarly meaningful
manner the last time, and that's what's making me worried here."

"It's nothing major."

"Well, in that case, you can tell me no problem, right?"

"...Aren't you a persistent one."

Han Sooyoung sighed grandly once more and opened her lips. "In the future..."
Her gaze fixed to the floor slowly rose up as her words continued on. "In the
future when all the scenarios have ended, I may want to get back to writing
novels again."

It was the first time she looked at me with such serious eyes and that took me
by surprise just a little.

Meanwhile, she carried on. "When that happens, read my novel, okay?"

"Your novel?"

She nodded her head. "I'm giving you the opportunity to become its very first
reader."

"I'm not such a good reader, though."

"Don't be an ass and just read it when I tell you to."

"Fine, fine. I'll definitely read it."

I replied good-naturedly.

Well, it'd not be a problem to read her novel. I mean, I liked reading novels,
to begin with.

However, she must've found my response out of her expectation, because she
asked me back to confirm it. "...For real?"

"Yeah, for real."

She stared at me with disbelieving eyes. "But, it might be over three thousand
chapters?"

"That's probably right up my alley, then."

"It might be boring, too."

"It's you writing it, so that's not possible, you know."

Han Sooyoung's eyes grew wider after hearing my reply.

I felt somewhat embarrassed at myself, so I quickly said something else. "What
genre will it be?"

"I'll cross that bridge when I get there..."

"How about romance?"

"...How can I milk 'romance' for three thousand chapters??"

We shared such light-hearted banter while shifting our gazes back to the
portal. That's where Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon walking together could be
seen. I sensed this awkwardness in the air between them and it was nice to see
that.

"Well, those two might need three thousand chapters, and then some."

It was then, nice-sounding messages resounded out from the sky.

\[Restriction on indirect messaging has been lifted.\]

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is cheering out in
happiness\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is enjoying the warm
atmosphere\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Flame', is freaking out\!\]

It seemed that, with the conclusion of the scenario, the channel had been
reopened again.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Flame', is shielding her Incarnation.\]

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Flame', is being vigilant of
Constellation, 'Master of Steel'.\]

\[Constellation, 'Master of Steel', is feeling wronged.\]

Han Sooyoung smirked and muttered to herself. "Romance, is it..."

She and I stepped across the portal together. I could see the Constellations
waiting for our arrival in the distance.

\[You've come, <Kim Dokja's Company>.\]

Finally, we reached the opening stages of the 'Great War of Saints and
Demons'.


