### Chapter 250: Ep. 47 - Demon King Selection, IV

The ground and the sky rattled like cogs. Something gigantic was descending
from the sky and there was a person blocking it. The magic power and giant
story caused a burst of brilliant sparks as they collided.

\[There are 40 seconds until the start of the destruction scenario.\]

The opponent was an outer god. Little by little, the ceiling of the sky was
coming closer. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint didn't back down despite the
pressure weighing down on the entire castle. No, she couldn't back down. She
never backed down from her beliefs. This was the banner of a transcendent who
only walked a single story.

"Fight it\!"

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint revived the despairing Murim people.

\[Many constellations are interested in the development of this scenario.\]

\[Some constellation are paying attention to the transcendent 'Namgung
Minyoung.\]

The stars were gathering in the night sky. Like piranhas smelling blood, the
constellations illuminated the sky with a red light. The dokkaebis also
appeared like they had been waiting.

\[Constellations, it is time for the destruction to come\!\]

Some of the constellations were watching the world's demise with a somber
expression while others were watching with excitement. Every person's feelings
were different but the downfall of one world was nothing more than
entertainment for them.

...Just like me. At this moment, many emotions muddled my head. Maybe these
emotions had been piled up since the Gourmet Association. If I threw away
Murim here, would I be any different from them?

"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint\! I...\!"

I pulled up my status and a change occurred in the constellations.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking forward to
your choice.\]

\[Many constellations are paying attention to your presence\!\]

The attention moved from the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint to me.

\[ Yo u...? \]

If I caught the eye of the outer god, I wouldn't be able to escape this place.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint knew this and stopped me. "This isn't your
battlefield."

It was as if this page wasn't allowed for me.

"Leave this world to the people here."

I didn't know what Murim was for the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. It was a
place that worshipped her a god while also bringing her down. Nevertheless, at
this moment, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint decided to defend Murim.

\[The stories of the 29th scenario area, the First Murim is piling up.\]

Then Murim responded to the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

\[The 29th scenario area has found its guardian.\]

\[The First Murim is looking at 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint Namgung
Minyoung'.\]

\[The possibility of a giant 'story' is germinating.\]

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint blinked with surprise. Perhaps it was the
first time she had heard this message. If someone wanted to destroy the world,
the world would respond to the destruction.

 In this world, everything that has built up history has a will. 

It was a land that was made of the blood, flesh, sweat and effort of the Murim
people. The stories carved onto the land were flocking to the Breaking the Sky
Sword Saint. Grandeur could be felt from the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint as
Murim nestled in her body.

The possibility of a giant story. It hadn't blossomed yet and I didn't know
when it would be germinated...

Still, it as the possibility of a giant story.

\[ Ka ka ka ka ka ka ka. \]

A bizarre sound that resembled laughter poured from the sky. Finally, five
tentacles descended from the sky.

No matter how great the possibility of a giant story, it was impossible to
stop the outer god with just the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. The outer gods
were beings who had lived a long time and faced such giant stories. She knew
no more time could be wasted and the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint shouted, "Go
now\!"

Then my body was pushed into the car.

\[The portal is activated.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk belatedly regained his mind and tried to get out of the car, but
the X-grade Ferrarigini had already started.

It only took one moment. As we passed through the portal, the Breaking the Sky
Master was silent. The scenery of Murim slowly moved away and everything was
covered in darkness. The survivors never said anything for a long time.

  

* * *

  

\[You have arrived in the 73rd Demon Realm.\]

\[There are three days remaining until the Demon King Selection.\]

Maybe it was because too many things happened in a row. The party had no words
after returning. The car turned off and only a stillness remained.

"I'll smoke a cigarette for a while."

Han Myungoh left while Jang Hayoung placed his head against his knees. The
Breaking the Sky Master whined while Yoo Joonghyuk... damn. I breathed calmly
while thinking about what I gained from this journey.

Everything I had done was for the upcoming Demon King Selection. I went to
Murim to recruit the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint as a colleague and went to
the Gourmet Association in the process.

I couldn't bring the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint back with me. I couldn't
persuade the constellations of the Gourmet Association. The only income was
that Yoo Joonghyuk and Jang Hayoung became stronger, there was a transcendent
dog and...

\[Coins Possessed: 4,890,875 C\]

...

\[The second revision update has been completed.\]

Despite the message, I didn't dare to look at my smartphone. Nevertheless, I
had to look, even if I felt disgusted by the contents I would see.

"Kim Dokja."

I looked up and saw Yoo Joonghyuk staring at me. I couldn't bear to read the
anger in his heart. I had nothing to say even if Yoo Joonghyuk tried to kill
me here.

"What do we do now?" It was a voice that contained no special feelings. I felt
a subtle fear and triggered Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint. Then I immediately
regretted it.

... 

... 

... 

My chest was stuffy from the suffocating emotions. They were emotions that
couldn't be described in words. The sorrow was too deep that it couldn't
become language.

Yoo Joonghyuk was already a madman. Maybe he had been like this for a long
time. This event would wear him down even more. The emotions that didn't burst
would move onto the next turn and it would lead to his death. It would wear at
him and isolate him.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint of the third round would be forgotten. I
opened my trembling lips. I needed to say something.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was surely alive. She would come back alive.
However, I couldn't say it. I wasn't tls123.

"We have to try." That was all I could say. "Struggle, fight and turn things
upside down."

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me quietly before leaving the car. I could see it
without asking. Maybe he was going to do his own preparations.

This was Yoo Joonghyuk. He didn't give up on his goal even if he gave up his
life. Despite the mighty despair, he challenged it again and again, overcoming
that despair. Thus, he lived and would live like that.

Eventually, he would become unhappy. Once Yoo Joonghyuk, only one sentence
that I read from his heart was left with me.

 I'm not like you. 

I brooded over this sentence as I turned on my smartphone. I knew what Yoo
Joonghyuk was talking about.

Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World \(2nd Revision\).txt

The death of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint would be recorded. The success
of this round would be written down. Maybe the changed 'ending' would be
written.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is shaking faintly.\]

My trembling fingers touched the screen several times. Yoo Joonghyuk's words
once again emerged.

 I'm not like you. 

I didn't know what that bastard knew about me. I had watched Yoo Joonghyuk for
over 10 years while Yoo Joonghyuk hadn't even known me for a year. That jerk,
what did he know about me...?

I turned off the screen. It didn't matter what was written. In any case, the
story I wanted to create wouldn't be in it.

"Jang Hayoung. I want to save Murim."

Jang Hayoung wiped his eyes while raising his head. I stared at him and slowly
opened my mouth. I didn't know if this would work or not. Still, it was better
than doing nothing.

  

* * *

  

There were various beings in the detention center of the Executive Branch. It
was mainly filled with imprisoned constellations and transcendents caught by
the 'probability conformity assessment'.

However, it was rare for a member of the Executive Branch to come directly,
even if probability was

violated. Those who used too much probability would be hit by a storm and it
was easy to avoid attention.

Even so, the Executive Branch had to step in for this man's situation. The
dokkaebi 'Youngki' sighed as he gazed at the map trapped in the probability
net.

"Look here."

Then the little person looked at Youngki. Youngki gazed at the handsome face
and said, "You should now return to your original scenario area. Isn't your
home in danger?"

"..."

"Thanks to you, your planetary system is unable to proceed with the scenario."

The small man laughed. "Once I leave, you will send the 'disaster' to Peace
Land again."

"Didn't I already say that won't happen?"

"I don't believe in your words."

Youngki flinched and stepped back at the growling voice. This was why
transcendents were tricky. The constellations could quickly understand once
spoken to but the transcendents were stubborn mortal and sometimes made absurd
messes like this.

The man continued to speak. "There is someone I'm waiting for. I'll stay here
until he returns to my home."

"Waiting for? Who is it?"

"I'll leave on my own once he comes."

Youngki was about to open his mouth again when the prison door opened and a
new prisoner appeared.

\[Grrr... fucking dokkaebis\!\]

The prison shook from the fierce true voice. Youngki and the small man turned
towards the voice at the same time.

At the entrance, a constellation who had been bounded by the Executive Branch
dokkaebis was walking in. It was a constellation with the appearance of a
lizard.

\[That bastard scammed me\! He was the one who stole my coins. Why did you
grab me instead of him?\]

"If you can't find a way to repay your debt, we will be forced to take away a
story."

Youngki had a rough idea of the situation. Sometimes these things happened.
The constellation came here because he couldn't repay the ridiculous loan
interest.

Youngki was clicking his tongue while the constellation continued yelling. The
dokkaebis were familiar with such turmoil but one person wasn't.

"Shut up."

The Brash Swamp Predator turned at the cold voice.

\[Who are you? Little man...\!\]

At this moment, a tremendous airflow swirled around the 'little man'. His body
seemed to rise in the air and blue lightning wrapped around his body.

\[What... kuk...?\]

The Brash Swamp Predator let out a confused sound. The power of a mortal
pressed down on his 'status'. It was something he had never experienced
before.

The 'net' of the prison let out a pained scream. A strength beyond the
probability assigned to this place was rising from the small man. The shocked
Youngki and the other dokkaebis increased the output of the net but the
situation didn't change.

The man's body became smaller and he 'popped' through the net. The huge storm
shot towards the Brash Swamp Predator. The whole building shook and dust rose.

\[Uh... uhh...\]

The Brash Swamp Predator lay on the floor. Five dokkaebis had bravely rushed
forward and barely managed to deflect the trajectory of the blue-white fist.
The terrible traces left by the fist remained on the wall. Rather than blaming
the master of the fist, the dokkaebis quickly delivered a report.

"Congratulations Brash Swamp Predator. You are free."

\[Huh? What?\]

"I just received an order to release you. Someone has paid your debt."

\[What? Who...?\]

The Brash Swamp Predator forget what just happened at the news. The moment the
dokkaebi mentioned a name, Kyrgios' body stopped while the Brash Swamp
Predator wondered,

\[...That guy paid my debt?\]

At this moment, the blue-white lightning of Electrification shot towards the
dokkaebi. Kyrgios picked up the dokkaebi by the collar and asked, "What did
you say just now?"

"N-No, what...?"

"The name you just said. Where is he now?"

Before the dokkaebi could answer, a message flew into Kyrgios' ears. Kyrgios
stared blankly at the air for a moment before walking past the dokkaebis
towards the entrance.

Youngki urgently exclaimed. "Wait a minute\! I can't let you go\! If you go
back to your home planet"

"I won't go home." The Paradox Baekchung, Kyrgios Rodgraim spoke with a smile
filled with anger. "I will go to my disciple."


