### Chapter 461: Ep. 87 - The Heart of Steel, III

"If you really require a power source, then why don't we exchange Stories? We
can supply you with Stories that can serve as useful replacements."

\[I told you to go back.\]

As I thought, something was off here. If it was simply about using Lee
Hyunsung as a power source, then there shouldn't be a reason to say no to my
offer.

"I'm sorry, but we must take his soul back with us. The Final Scenario will
soon begin. Meaning, this is no time for us to worry about your well-being."

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', has begun its storytelling\!\]

I unleashed my Status, causing the 'Master of Steel' to speak in a bit of a
fluster. \[You dare to oppose me inside <Oz>??\]

Accompanied by a 'Tsu-chuchuchut\!' noise, sparks exploded inside the audience
chamber. The 'Master of Steel' was a Narrative-grade Constellation, but when
in <Oz>, his Status would...

\[I've been generous by receiving you lot, yet you...\!\]

...Be almost on the same level as a Myth-grade Constellation.

Ku-dudududu\!\!

The whole planet seemingly writhed about violently like a heart repeating the
actions of contracting and relaxing.

Han Sooyoung stared at me with a pale complexion.

 Are you insane, Kim Dokja?\! Why are you trying to fight insi...

I began unleashing the Stories next.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The main Giant Stories started their storytelling and the audience chamber
quaked as if it'd collapse at any given moment.

I stepped across the violently-rocking floor and walked forward. The 'Master
of Steel' shouted out. \[Step back\! If you don't, I shall...\!\]

Yup, thought as much.

There were plenty of opportunities to subdue me, yet this 'Master of Steel'
only issued warnings repeatedly without actually doing anything.

It was like dealing with the Cowardly Lion.

I walked straight through the mask and advanced forward to reach the rear-most
wall of the audience chamber. The 'Master of Steel' was shouting something at
me, but I ignored it all and simply punched the wall, hard.

In the next moment, the silver mask floating around like a hologram
disappeared.

"Listen here, monkey."

And I could see a monkey through the wide-open hole in the wall, shivering
away in pure fear.

"Where is the real 'Master of Steel'?"

  

* * *

  

A short while later, we managed to get some useful info from the monkey.

Han Sooyoung spoke first. "Okay, so. The 'Master of Steel' isn't here."

\[I-if you do this, the 'Master of Steel' will...\]

"Switch off the true voice, now. It doesn't even sound like a proper true
voice, anyway."

"...probably forgive you," said the now-dejected monkey.

It was likely that this monkey was a henchman of the real 'Master of Steel'. I
wasn't sure why, but this little guy was acting like a Constellation in this
place for some reason.

"Hang on, was it you who sent all those indirect messages until now, then?"

"Y-yes, that's right. However, I was accurately conveying the Master of Steel-
nim's intentions."

"You were 'conveying' his intentions?"

My question prompted the monkey's gaze to shift towards a corner of the
audience chamber. That was where we could see an altar with a Steelsword
stabbed into its surface to resemble a cross.

I took an especially closer look at the exterior of the sword.

"Now normally, I can hear the Master's intentions through that altar. But
lately, messages from him have stopped arriving, and..."

I reached out to the Steelsword. I felt a certain flinching jolt when I
touched it. I had experienced a sensation like this one before.

Although very faint, it was the same sensation I felt back when I came in
contact with a different world-line.

Which meant that the 'Master of Steel' was an existence from another world-
line.

...But, that was not possible. As far as I knew, the 'Master of Steel' was Tin
Woodman from the Wizard of Oz... Could it be that someone else had
appropriated that Constellation Modifier?

While I was stewing inside my thoughts, Han Sooyoung asked the monkey. "Does
the wretched state of your planet have something to do with that?"

"...Well, some part of it, yes. But neglecting maintenance also contributed to
the issue, as well. Every Story is bound to stagnate, after all. It has been a
really long time since magic has disappeared from <Oz>. Do you actually know
how old the Story of this place is?"

"Don't know."

"Tourists don't come to <Oz> anymore. It's already been over three years since
the last time the monthly average visitor numbers reached double digits."

The monkey's eyes were dyed in the light of vague reminiscence. As if he was
recalling the glory days of yore or something.

"Once upon a time, <Oz> was the number one theme park in the <Star Stream>..."

Jung Heewon frowned deeply. "I don't want to hear about stuff like that. So,
are you going to return Hyunsung-ssi's soul or not??"

"W-well, that is a bit..."

"Why not?\!"

"The whole reason why we managed to maintain double-digit attendance numbers
is due to 'Lee Hyunsung', that's why."

"What are you talking about?"

The monkey hesitated greatly before answering her. "Have you heard the news
that lately, the powers of all Giant Stories are in decline?"

"Powers of the Giant Stories are declining...?"

"It's not just <Oz>. Many Stories that constitute Giant Stories have all
entered the path of stagnation similar to <Oz>'s situation."

"But, why?"

"A certain Story that has appeared in recent times has begun eating into the
percentages of other Stories."

The monkey raised its head and with eyes full of resentment, began glaring at
me.

"I'm talking about you people's Story."

  

* * *

  

In conclusion, we did get something out from the visit to the Emerald Castle.
The monkey told us this:

 You can take Lee Hyunsung away. In return, please help us with advertising
<Oz>.

We asked how we could do that, and he replied like this.

 You'll find out when you get to where Lee Hyunsung currently is.

And that was the reason why us, this trio, were standing in this particular
place. At some distance away, we could see a Ferris wheel that no longer
functioned as well as an ancient, decrepit carousel. It was the stereotypical
sight of a run-down, bankrupt theme park.

<<There is no Wizard in Oz>>

It seemed that was the name of this theme park. In a way, it sounded rather
cool.

My problem was with what was written below it.

<<However, we have Lee Hyunsung>>

 Lee Hyunsung 'Memory Experience Center' now open\!

 Find Lee Hyunsung's soul hidden somewhere in the Experience Center to win a
cool, pre-selected prize.

...What the hell was the meaning of this?

We headed to the ticket booth to find a list of prices waiting for us.

\* Entrance ticket 4000 Coins

\* Free Pass \(50% discount\) 3000 Coins

This was basically telling us to buy the free pass.

The ticket booth employee asked us.

 How many?

"Three."

 3000 Coins per Incarnation. 60000 for a Constellation.

...Did I hear him wrong just now?

I became dazed after being on the receiving end of such cruel discrimination
for the first time in my life. But then, Jung Heewon suddenly extended her
hand in my direction. "This counts as company expenses, right? We're on the
clock, after all."

"...Of course."

"Give me one for Incarnation."

She unhesitantly swiped with the company expenses card and entered the 'Memory
Experience Center' right away. I remained dazed, while Han Sooyoung stepped
past me.

"Excuse me, one more Incar..."

"Hang on."

"What is it now?"

"There is a special discount category."

I pointed at the small notice attached next to the price list.

\* Constellation X Incarnation Couple Discount Coupon, now available\!

\* This is a special couple's discount coupon designed for those Sponsors
visiting along with their Incarnations\! Make beautiful new memories with your
Incarnation and enjoy sweet, relaxing time together\!

Han Sooyoung finished reading the notice and turned to look at me. I nodded my
head. Which prompted her to ask a question.

"Have you finally lost it?"

"Even if we have enough Coins, I don't have enough to spend in this place."

She glared at me with seething eyes, and as if calculating something in her
head, she counted with her fingers for a bit, and finally alternated her gaze
between the price list and me.

Eventually, she sighed grandly and asked. "Fine. What will you give me in
return?"

  

* * *

  

"...What are you two doing??"

Jung Heewon discovered Han Sooyoung and I, and said that in dismay. But, that
was understandable. Because... both of us were sporting an identical pair of
wolf-ear headbands right now.

\[Applicable item can't be taken off while inside the 'Memory Experience
Center'.\]

\[Please show off the close bond you share with your Incarnation to other
Constellations\!\]

Han Sooyoung replied to her in a shameless voice. "I'm working part-time in
the dating industry."

"Let's search for Hyunsung-ssi first, shall we?"

According to the monkey, Lee Hyunsung's soul should be wandering around
somewhere in this 'Memory Experience Center'. Not sure why he was roaming
around in this place, but...

We had a little bit of time on our hands, so we walked around the 'Memory
Experience Center' with calm minds. I was wondering what exactly this place
was, and we soon got to find out.

\[Lee Hyunsung, born as a healthy and big baby weighing in at 5.4 kg\!\]

\[Lee Hyunsung, five years old  rescues a friend from bullies\!\]

This was where we would get to 'experience' his life.

\[Only those holding the 'Free Pass' can enter.\]

\[The chamber's experience will begin once you enter. Will you enter?\]

"Does this mean we will get to experience the feelings of a newborn? Who the
heck would want to pay money to experience something like that??"

This theme park seemed to be similar in nature to a generalised amusement
park. We could enter individual 'Experience Centers' to experience Lee
Hyunsung's life through either his eyes or someone near him.

Jung Heewon spoke up. "I guess we really have become famous lately. Someone
even came up with a thing like this, too."

"...I'm kinda curious about that one over there."

We became totally entranced and studied the various parts of Lee Hyunsung's
life. It felt as if I had really become a Constellation... Hang on, I really was
a Constellation, wasn't I?

\[Lee Hyunsung, 17 years old  fails in his quest for his first love\!\]

Jung Heewon stared at this particular 'center' without saying anything.

So, I naturally had to ask. "...Are you planning to go in?"

"No."

We continued to search for Lee Hyunsung. His soul gave off a unique Story
reaction. And we could definitely sense that particular reaction nearby, but...

\[Lee Hyunsung, encountering the Judge that destroys evil\!\]

After walking about for a while, we discovered several 'Experience Centers'
related to the <Kim Dokja's Company>.

\[Pure Steel Lee Hyunsung\! With Judge that destroys evil, he...\]

Jung Heewon's steps gradually gained pace. We diligently followed after her.
However, we still couldn't sense Lee Hyunsung's presence. We looked through a
row of the Experience Centers and turned around to leave, but found someone
unexpected behind us. It wasn't the guy we were looking for, though.

"Uh? Ahjussi?"

It was Lee Jihye wearing a fox-ear headband.

"...And why are you here?"

Lee Jihye provided a short explanation after I asked her.

The first part of the tale was about Yoo Joonghyuk, Yoo Sangah, the kids, and
her heading to the blacksmith only to be told that the supply of Story metal
had run out.

The second part was about how they walked around disappointed only to
coincidentally discover this place.

And finally, the last part regarding how they just couldn't win against the
kids pestering them so they bought a family discount to enter... Eh? Family
discount?

"What are you fools doing here?"

I looked back and sure enough, Yoo Joonghyuk and his fox ears were standing
there. He alternated his gaze between me and Han Sooyoung before throwing out
a question. "Have you regained Lee Hyunsung's soul yet?"

"We came here to find it. Besides, what are you doing here instead of
searching for the Story metal?"

"The blacksmith was temporarily closed. Apparently, their supply of Story
metal had run out."

I could guess why something like that had happened. Perhaps it was related to
the weakening of <Oz>'s Giant Story.

I saw Yoo Sangah waving her hand from afar. I also spotted Shin Yoosung and
Lee Gilyoung wearing headbands that reminded me of a dragonfly's wings.

"Eonni\! Let's go inside that one next\! That one\!"

"Oh my, that one's for over 18s, you know."

Somehow, the whole gang had assembled once more.

I figured this was for the best. Since it had come to this, searching for Lee
Hyunsung together could save us from further trouble.

It was then that Jung Heewon's voice came from a bit of distance away.
"Everyone, please come over here\!"

We hurriedly went over to her side. And that's where we discovered a certain
Experience Center with an especially large number of warning signs posted
outside compared to the others we've seen so far.

\* This Experience Center can only be entered by persons older than 18 years
of age.

\* After experiencing the possession, you might suffer from mental anguish due
to the severe, harsh treatment.

\* Caution should be exercised if South Korean male Incarnations wish to use
this center.

I looked up at the title card for the 'Memory Experience Center' and spoke to
the others. "...Looks like we found him."

There was no doubt about it. The dull-and-slow-moving Story unique to Lee
Hyunsung could definitely be felt from this particular Experience Center.

He was inside this thing.

I reconfirmed the name of this Experience Center one more time.

\[I lost a shell by mistake.\]


