### Chapter 165: Ep. 32 - Kim Dokja's Love, IV

"Master\!" Lee Jihye shouted when she discovered Yoo Joonghyuk. However, Yoo
Joonghyuk asked again without caring about her at all.

"Where is Kim Dokja?"

"...Why are you looking for Dokja ahjussi?"

Yoo Joonghyuk was about to answer when Yoo Sangah carried Yoo Mia and
descended from the ceiling like a beautiful woman. The party members called
out her name. Rather than responding to their greetings, Yoo Sangah hastily
said, "Dokja-ssi is in danger."

"Huh?"

"Do you know where Dokja-ssi is now?"

Just like Yoo Joonghyuk, Yoo Sangah's eyes search the people nervously. She
couldn't see Kim Dokja at all. Lee Hyunsung quickly replied, "Dokja-ssi left
four days ago."

"What do you mean by Dokja-ssi is in danger?" Jung Heewon asked again.
Unfortunately, there was no time to explain.

Lee Jihye added in a frustrated manner. "Didn't you come because you knew
something was wrong? We are the ones in danger, not Dokja ahjussi."

Yoo Sangah had no idea of the situation and replied, "Let's leave this place
and I'll explain."

Due to the turmoil, many monsters were pouring out of the connected caves. Lee
Jihye spoke in a creeped out manner.

"Damn, if Gong Pildu ahjussi was here..."

Certainly, the situation would be a lot different if Gong Pildu was here. Gong
Pildu's stigma Armed Fortress was useful against large numbers and was
suitable for slaughtering many monsters.

However, they already split from Gong Pildu on the first floor of Dark Castle
and it was unclear where he was.

Yoo Joonghyuk was the party's sole comfort. Simply in terms of force, he was
much stronger than Gong Pildu or Kim Dokja. He had enough strength to crack
apart a mountain with his fist.

Yoo Joonghyuk blew away the incoming monsters with Hundred Steps Godly Fists
and said, "It is disadvantageous if we fight here. Let's go out via the
ceiling."

Yoo Joonghyuk sought the fastest method of escape and opened a path in the
monsters. His ability to open a path without a significant consumption of
magic power was close to a human tank. No, a real tank wouldn't be so
powerful. Yoo Sangah asked, "Can we escape?"

"I'll make some steps so jump out yourself."

At these words, Yoo Joonghyuk flew into the air.

It was the Air Steps that only the strongest returnees in the Murim World
Could use. He built a tower with the corpses of monsters for the party members
to step on. Then he went through the ceiling and punched something to create a
platform.

He normally wouldn't have done this for the party. However, Yoo Joonghyuk in
this regression was different. Yoo Joonghyuk himself didn't know what had made
him change. Then he heard a voice in his ears.

\[It is a very unexpected situation. You are 'Incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk?'\]

It was Reinheit's voice. Lee Jihye was amazed as she was running towards the
ceiling. "What, he isn't dead?"

It was natural.

The second-ranked being in Dark Castle wouldn't die from a few stones. Yoo
Joonghyuk didn't reply to Reinheit, instead waiting for the rest of them at
the top of the stairs he had made. Lee Jihye, Lee Hyunsung and Yoo Sangah
climbed up first, followed by Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung.

The moment Shin Yoosung was about to pass by, Yoo Joonghyuk grabbed her
shoulder. "You shouldn't come with us."

"Huh?"

Before Shin Yoosung could reply, Yoo Joonghyuk pushed the child down from the
ceiling. The monsters opened their mouths as they waited for Shin Yoosung. Lee
Gilyoung shouted, "Yoosung\! What...? What are you doing?"

The angry Lee Gilyoung swung his fists at Yoo Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk lightly
grabbed Lee Gilyoung's fist and said, "You should go too."

After a moment, Lee Gilyoung screamed and fell down along with Shin Yoosung.

  

* * *

  

After Dionysus' incarnation left, Han Sooyoung asked me with a serious
expression, "...What the hell was that last thing he said?"

"I don't know."

"You don't know? It was filtered for you as well?"

I didn't hear it. However, I could vaguely guess what he meant. It was
probably related to the 'end' of all scenarios. Then it was natural to be
filtered.

I was challenging the 10th scenario and just became a scenario. I couldn't get
all information at will.

Han Sooyoung stared at me with a grumpy expression and made a small sigh. "...By
the way, what are you going to do about your fate? It must be really dangerous
if the constellations of Olympus are directly coming to warn you."

"It looks like it."

"Is there no way to completely stop the fate?"

"It isn't completely inevitable. If the execution of fate was absolutely
impossible, the fate would be withdrawn. Fate always followed 'probability'.

In the opposite sense, fate could never be escaped if there was even the
slightest chance of it happening. Han Sooyoung thought about something and
wondered,

"There isn't any specific information? It only mentions your death?"

"That..."

In fact, Dionysus risked losing a huge amount of probability by telling me the
prophecy.

 Incarnation Kim Dokja will be killed by your most loved ones. 

To be honest, it was a confusing story for me.

The person I loved most... They were going to kill me?

I hesitated before telling the contents of the prophecy and Han Sooyoung
opened her mouth. As if she didn't know what to say, her face paled and then
reddened.

"The person you love most?"

"Yes."

"...Do you have such a person?"

I felt bad but somehow, I also wanted to ask this. I tried to recall the faces
of every person. There was some affection but there was no one I 'loved'.
Indeed, 'love' was the word that was furthest from my life.

"To be honest, I would say there isn't one."

Han Sooyoung's face became redder at my words. "Then shouldn't the fate be
withdrawn?"

"At first glance, you might think so..."

"Or are you going to fall in love with someone now? Are you the type to fall
in love at first sight?"

"That has never happened and it isn't likely."

The fate message was strong enough to be repeated three times. I was confused.
Had I fallen in love with someone?

Han Sooyoung looked at my complicated expression and opened her mouth. "Or
there is another possibility."

"What is it?"

"Originally, fate isn't something that should be interpreted literally. Don't
you know Greek mythology? Originally, prophecies aren't immediately known. It
is full of metaphors and symbols."

Han Sooyoung cocked her head.

"Incarnation Kim Dokja will be killed by the person he loves most... what
symbolism or analogies are present in this sentence?"

"Do you mean the sentence might have a surprisingly different meaning?"

"Hrmm..."

Han Sooyoung was an author so she might be surprisingly helpful in
interpreting this aspect. Han Sooyoung started to take out plausible
hypotheses.

"I think there are three possible things."

"What is it? Tell me."

"First. There might be a reason why 'incarnation' was mentioned first."

"...Incarnation?"

It was a point I had inadvertently overlooked.

"Aren't you a constellation now? Then as an incarnation, you have already
died. No?"

It was a plausible hypothesis. However, if this hypothesis was correct, I
would've seen the message about fate being realized the moment I became a
constellation. In other words, there was no reason for the fate messages to
repeat.

Han Sooyoung seemed to think something was lacking as well and came up with a
second hypothesis. "Second, it is possible that the words 'person he loves
most' itself is a metaphor."

"What else is considered a 'person' in the Star Stream?"

"Um... It might be the personification of something."

I tried to think about it but couldn't find a plausible interpretation for
this part.

By the way, I looked at Han Sooyoung and wondered if she was a good person. I
was very grateful for her thinking about all these possibilities for me.

I watched Han Sooyoung. Her lashes seemed unusually long because of the
lingering twilight. It turned out that this person was quite pretty. In fact,
Han Sooyoung was a bit young but her looks weren't bad.

...Wait a minute. What was I thinking right now? I had to be careful. Maybe I
would be hit by Han Sooyoung if I did something wrong. Honestly, this person
would stab me without any hesitation. In fact, she had already stabbed me
once.

Han Sooyoung spoke again. "The last thing we need to think about is 'die'.
Perhaps this death isn't literally death."

"Then?"

"When do you think people die?"

"That... I suppose when their life is over. Their heart stops and they are no
longer breathing."

Han Sooyoung clicked her tongue like she was disappointed in my answer. "Well,
there is a reason why you kept reading a novel like Ways of Survival..."

"...Don't start a useless argument. So what do you mean?"

"Don't you read manhwa? Usually you should say something like this. When a
person dies? It is when they are forgotten by people\!"

"Those are manhwa. Then are you saying I will be forgotten?"

"It is just an example, you idiot. In the Star Stream, a constellation dies
when they are forgotten. You can think of similar possibilities."

In fact, it didn't sound impossible. The Star Stream was a huge story and
beings with no relationship in the story were naturally wiped out.

I wondered, "Why will people forget me? Is it group amnesia?"

"They might not mean to forget." Han Sooyoung's face suddenly seemed lonely.

Speaking of which, I didn't know Han Sooyoung's life. Apart from the fact that
she wrote a novel plagiarizing Ways of Survival, I knew nothing about Han
Sooyoung.

...Even now, the part about plagiarism was uncertain. In the past, Han Sooyoung
said she didn't plagiarize and Lie Detection said she was telling the truth.

I asked after a moment, "Then what do you mean?"

Han Sooyoung seemed to be picking her words as she opened her mouth with a
dark expression. "Kim Dokja, dead people can't remember anything."

I realized what Han Sooyoung was talking about. We reflexively looked towards
Paradise.

...Perhaps?

Han Sooyoung spoke first. "Should we go back?"

"...It is too late if we go now. It has already been four days. It is impossible
to get there in time."

"Then?"

"It's okay. By now, the strongest reinforcements should've arrived."

"The strongest reinforcements?"

"That guy should be sent..."

At this moment, a message appeared in the air.

\[Someone in Dark Castle has achieved the first transcendence in the
scenario\!\]

It was as I expected. I thought he would've reached that position by now.

I thought about Yoo Joonghyuk, who should be causing a disaster in the
distance. "Now the main character should pay for his meal."


