### Chapter 447: Ep. 84 - 1864, III

I recalled that time when I visited the 1863rd turn.

When I first saw the 1863rd turn Yoo Joonghyuk, I thought that he was the 'Yoo
Joonghyuk from the original'. The main character that I spent my childhood
years with, the very one that propped up my life.

But then, he was not him.

The 'Yoo Joonghyuk' who helped me endure, had finished his tale a long time
ago. He had reached the conclusion of the 1863rd turn and witnessed the end of
the world, and then, roamed the horrifying abyss of the world-lines. For
thousands of years, maybe even for tens of thousands.

I didn't know just how long he lived on like that. But, what I knew for sure
was that one, he had survived until now, two, he remembered all of those
times, and...

...And, he was being hostile towards me.

You all do not possess the right to witness the .

He was right.

The only reason why I managed to wade past the scenarios was due to the
Plotter's life preceding mine.

His Status was growing even stronger. The 'Outer Gods' observing the situation
in the vicinity all knelt down simultaneously.

\[OhOhOhOhOh...\]

His aura mushrooming up like clouds wrapped around the \[Splitting the Sky
Sword\]. That was the power he gained after living through 1863 lives, and
also, while roaming the world-lines afterwards.

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', has begun its
storytelling.\]

Countless 'Yoo Joonghyuks' were looking straight at me from inside him.

\['Yoo Joonghyuk' from 41st turn is looking at you.\]

\['Yoo Joonghyuk' from 362nd turn is looking at you.\]

\['Yoo Joonghyuk' from 666th turn is looking at you.\]

\['Yoo Joonghyuk' from 999th turn is looking at you.\]

The histories they had compiled together  all their sins, they were right
there. Sins so numerous that not even Jophiel's \[Eye of Sin\] could see the
end of.

He was an existence deemed to be 'Terror' by this <Star Stream>. A being that
went beyond the boundaries of 'evil' and had been declared as
'incomprehensible' by the world. He was the king of the Outer Gods.

However, his true nature was neither evil nor was it terror.

No, the reason why he had to be ostracised by the <Star Stream> was because
his character proved to be simply too uncompromising.

"I shall destroy the <Star Stream>."

And the thing was, the <Star Stream> didn't like such characters that lacked
any flexibility whatsoever.

One's character had to bend sometimes, had to know when to yield, and also,
had to know when to crumble away. However, the 'Secretive Plotter' wasn't a
character like that.

That's why he was able to get this far, and was able to become the 'Secretive
Plotter'.

"I shall definitely kill the one that started this story with these hands."

That was the 'apocalypse' of this world, the one he wished for. And also, the
'end of regression' that all Yoo Joonghyuks wished for, as well.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is looking at you.\]

He was definitely in the right.

He definitely... was far more qualified than anyone to witness the conclusion of
all the stories. Especially so, when compared to someone like me, whose only
achievement was reading the 'Ways of Survival'...

'Stop with your unnecessary thoughts. And don't stupidly sympathise with him,
either,' said Yoo Joonghyuk. 'Are you planning to yield to some random bastard
after you came this far? Was the Story you managed to compile so far created
solely by copying that bastard's life?'

I couldn't reply.

'If you sympathise with what he says, then it's the same thing as denying the
lives of your companions who fought alongside you'.

For sure, I did rely on the 'Ways of Survival' in the beginning to skirt past
the dangers, but things were different after that. Events that didn't happen
during the original novel occurred, and dangers not found within it also came
to visit us. And I managed to overcome those dangers with my companions.

As our Story continued to grow, so did my distance from the 'Ways of
Survival', and from a certain moment on, I stopped consulting the original.
That was also the reason why I hadn't read the final revised version yet.

This world was not the same one from the 'Ways of Survival' that the Secretive
Plotter lived through.

Yoo Joonghyuk continued to speak. 'He could be right. His decisions might have
been right, too. However, it's still not a good enough reason for you to yield
to him'.

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', has begun its storytelling.\]

'Because we are also right,' said Yoo Joonghyuk, the one who also endured the
tragedies of the 1863 regression turns. Without a doubt, he too was also 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'. 'It still doesn't really feel real to me, but if I have been truly
experiencing the 1864th turn, then...'

Yoo Joonghyuk, gripping the \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\], shifted his gaze
for a brief moment towards our companions on the Tongtian River.

Lee Jihye's fleet was continuing their barrage, and Shin Yoosung's \[Chimera
Dragon\] was spewing out its Breath attack. Lee Hyunsung gripped tightly by
Jung Heewon was also fighting hard as well. Meanwhile, Jang Hayoung was
running hard with Lee Gilyoung on her back.

None had died, and they were trying their best. So that they could see the end
of this stinking world.

'Most likely, I came here to witness this sight'.

The \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] and the \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] clashed
once more. Two swords that didn't want to back down continued to roar on,
their blades filled with the self-belief of their wielders.

The 'Secretive Plotter' shouted out. Do you still not understand? Even if you
have regained your memories...

"How persistent. Just what do you expect to hear from me, then?"

...What?

"Do you want us to admit our loss? If not, do you want us to understand your
life?"

Understand? You can keep your...\!

"Indeed, you probably don't need it." Yoo Joonghyuk replied disinterestedly.
And because he was also Yoo Joonghyuk, he could say these following words. "I
too don't need you to understand me."

He said that, because they understood each other already.

Loud metallic clangs resounded out every time two swords collided. One Status
violently clashed against another Status.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', is roaring out\!\]

Two hellish landscape intertwined to create this battlefield.

Frustratingly, all I could do was to watch these two Yoo Joonghyuks. And do
whatever it took to flip these damn pages.

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is thrashing violently.\]

The winner couldn't easily be decided. Even then, the 'Secretive Plotter'
remained utterly relaxed.

Perhaps that was obvious; our side only just got to use the power of the
'1863rd' turn, after all. In terms of proficiency and familiarity, we were in
an overwhelmingly disadvantageous position.

Maybe thinking that victory was in the bag now, the 'Secretive Plotter'
leisurely asked a question. I'm curious. The puppet of the 'Oldest Dream',
what is the conclusion you wish to see?

"And why should I answer you?"

Could it be that it's the same thing as that 'Demon King of Salvation'? Do
you honestly believe that man?

Two blades clashed in mid-air and huge shockwaves spread out.

Yoo Joonghyuk took a step back while wiping the blood off his lips.

You have no idea. No idea how pathetic that 'companion' you trust so much
actually is. You don't know what the 'conclusion' of the world he wishes for
is.

The 'Secretive Plotter' faintly grinned as he rained down his \[Breaking the
Sky Swordsmanship\].

When this world-line opened for the first time, Kim Dokja's goal was to
merely 'survive'.

I dazedly raised my head and looked at Yoo Sangah. Quite likely, this woman
will die. And so will I.

In the gap between the two blades, the Stories I lived through were breathing
with life.

His next goal was to... To become stronger by using you.

"Make me your companion. I can fill in the part you lack."

Yoo Joonghyuk is definitely necessary in order to clear the numerous
scenarios still remaining in the future.

As if pages were flipping over, Stories I lived through were being projected
right before our eyes. As if to stop that story, Yoo Joonghyuk viciously swung
his sword, but all of his attempts were denied by the Plotter's \[Splitting
the Sky Sword\].

Meanwhile, the Plotter continued on. After that, well. After he found himself
with a little bit of leeway, he even dared to dream of this 'world's
conclusion'.

"Hyung, aren't you going to make a wish for something?"

I quietly stared at Lee Gilyoung for a little while before making my reply.

"I made a wish to see the epilogue of a certain novel."

The Great Sage Heaven's Equal said this before, that it wasn't only me who
read other people. Just as I've read them, they were also reading me at the
same time, he said.

He was right.

While I was busy reading the 'Ways of Survival', the 'Secretive Plotter' was
also reading my story. He had been observing the entirety of the life I
experienced.

Kim Dokja began dreaming the same thing that I used to dream about once upon
a time. He wanted to destroy the heaven's <Star Stream>, and destroy the world
beyond the 'Wall' that I couldn't overcome. He wanted to save every one of his
companions, and even...

I saw the group of Nebulas floating in the middle of the darkened sky.
<Vedas>, <Olympus>, <Papyrus>... I shall never forget everything you have done.

"I will create a 'Story' that hasn't existed before."

Memories continued to stream by before our eyes. Some were as exactly as I
remembered, while some were distorted or twisted around. Because it wasn't an
intact 'Story', that's why.

This was the Plotter's interpretation of 'Kim Dokja's story'.

This is what the 'Secretive Plotter' feels.

He continued to speak. Kim Dokja will not achieve that goal now.
Specifically, he won't be able to.

I wanted to ask why he thought that.

\['The Fourth Wall' is faintly shaking.\]

A Story could be made up, but it'll never tell a lie.

The Plotter's left hand touched Yoo Joonghyuk's hair. The \[Black Heavenly
Demon Sword\] reflexively slapped that hand away, but by then it was too late.

\[Story, 'One Who is Loved by an Archangel', has begun its storytelling.\]

As if they were newborn babies, the Stories I possessed began crying out one
by one. Some of them were Stories I was familiar with. On the other hand...

\[Story, 'The Fifth Sun Wukong', has begun its storytelling.\]

Some were Stories I had earned not too long ago. And...

\[Story, 'Rival Acknowledged by the Dragon', has begun its storytelling.\]

\[Story, 'the Sea God's Companion-in-Arms', has begun its storytelling.\]

\[Story, 'Goryeo's Number Two Sword', has begun its storytelling.\]

And, there were some Stories that I didn't even know I had them.

All of my Stories were speaking up at the same time.

Oh, 'Demon King of Salvation'. You can't destroy the <Star Stream>.

Stars in the sky were flickering brightly. They were the same stars that I
used to hate.

\[Constellation, 'God of Wine and Ecstasy', is watching you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is watching you.\]

Those who had been watching me, allowing me to get this far.

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is watching you.\]

...My supposedly oldest enemies.

...Because you do not hate the Constellations.

Even as I listened to the 'Secretive Plotter', I couldn't say anything. I
wanted to say that it wasn't true. I wanted to say that I hated
Constellations. I wanted to say that bringing them down was still one of my
goals.

However, I couldn't. Because goddammit, I...

\[Constellation, 'Maritime War God', is watching you.\]

...I knew now that not every star in the sky emitted the same sort of light as
the others.

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is watching you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', is watching you.\]

From the 'Absolute Throne' scenario, to the 'Demon Realm'...

Without the Probability they had gathered for us, I'd not be able to get this
far.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is watching you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is watching you.\]

\[Constellation, 'Most Ancient Liberator', is watching you.\]

I had no choice but to acknowledge it.

All of my Stories were created together with them.

You do not wish for any 'loss' to occur to this world-line. Because you grew
to love this story. And that is why... As if he was putting a full-stop on the
story, the 'Secretive Plotter' declared loudly. ...You shall never witness this
world's .

Thunders roared in the heavens.

The battle between the Great Sage and <Emperor> was intensifying.

\[Many audience members are watching your battlefield.\]

Constellations were looking down at us from above.

Some pitied me, while some got angry in my stead. Countless indirect messages
flooded in endlessly.

Yoo Joonghyuk remained wordless. The raindrops falling on the Tongtian River
substituted for any spoken words.

I wanted to say something, anything.

But before I could open my mouth, though, someone else stole the opportunity
away.

"So? What is it that you're trying to say here?" It was Yoo Joonghyuk. "Since
Kim Dokja doesn't have the qualification, you will see this world's  in his
stead, is that it?"

A faint crease formed on the forehead of the 'Secretive Plotter'. It seems
that you can't think straight anymore. That man whom you thought of as your
companion is no different to the Constellations that you hate. That bastard
is...

"...He's a pathetic fool, indeed." Yoo Joonghyuk cut him off in the middle. "He
was just some contracted worker for a no-name game developer, and his hobby
was reading novels."

His shabby self-introduction-like words reverberated around the sky.

Those were the things I told Yoo Joonghyuk some time ago.

"His specialty is to run his cocky mouth off, and he has this habit of
throwing his life away so that we can overcome any and all impossible
situations hindering us."

Yoo Joonghyuk was talking about me that even I didn't know about.

"Someone like that managed to lead his companions this far."

The \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] shoved the \[Splitting the Sky Sword\]
along with a loud "Creaaaak\!\!". For the first time ever since the battle
commenced, Yoo Joonghyuk was going on a concentrated offensive.

The Plotter's expression shook. Yoo Joonghyuk's sword strikes were now digging
into the Outer God's defenses for the first time.

"Regardless of what the incoming conclusion is, this world wouldn't have come
this far without him around."

You don't know anyt...\!\!

"It seems to me that you're the one who can't think straight here. Why are you
interfering with this world-line, then?"

The wrathful \[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship\] mowed the darkness down. The
Plotter's figure wavered around greatly as he was pushed back.

Not missing that small opening, Yoo Joonghyuk's sword rained down like a
raging storm.

"What is your goal, anyway? If you found Kim Dokja an eyesore, why didn't you
kill him earlier? If you found him using your life to survive that disgusting,
then..."

The \[Black Heavenly Demon Sword\] was now aiming at the neck of the
'Secretive Plotter'.

\[Constellation, 'Secretive Plotter', is glaring at the Incarnation, 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.\]

The moment when the two gazes collided, Yoo Joonghyuk asked again.

"Why are you still watching this story?"


