### Chapter 29: Ep. 7  Landlord, II

The 10 Evilsthe list and rankings were often changed according to Yoo
Joonghyuk's regression cycle, but they were the 10 people in charge of being
the main villains in this world of Ways of Survival. Chungmuro's armed
fortress master, Gong Pildu, was one of the 10 Evils. Thus, a person wouldn't
be aware of Gong Pildu unless they had read to the end of Ways of Survival
\(like me\).

\[Green Zone 56/70\]

Indeed, the size of his room was different. It couldn't be measured easily.
This whole green zone was Gong Pildu's area.

'Let's do the standard procedure'.

I hid Lee Gilyoung behind me and opened my mouth, "Why should we pay you
coins? Chungmuro Station is a public place."

"Haha, it was until eight days ago. But not anymore."

For ordinary humans, 500 coins wasn't a small sum. Making people pay 500 coins
just for stepping on his land... What a crook.

"Okay, I'll give it, but I'll give it to the person directly."

"What?"

"You aren't Gong Pildu."

Gong Pildu might be a villain, but right now, the person in front of me was
just Extra '1' of the Landlord Alliance.

'Where are you, Gong Pildu?'

I quickly looked around. Not him, not him... I wondered where Gong Pildu was.

"Haha, you are a funny guy. Hey, you're playing with me now..."

"Gong Pildu-ssi. Where are you? Take the fine."

I ignored them and kept walking.

\[You have invaded private property\!\]

The turrets aimed straight at me but I didn't stop. Honestly, there was no
guarantee that I would be safe if the turrets started shooting. Nonetheless,
there was a need to show off my combat power here. That way Gong Pildu
wouldn't underestimate me.

"That's how far you'll get. I will shoot if you come closer." Finally, Gong
Pildu moved. There was a bench covered with various supplies. A middle-aged
man was sitting on top of it and reading a magazine was staring at me. Indeed,
this was how he was described in the novel. His belly was half revealed, and I
could see the hair on it. This was Gong Pildu, the representative of the
Landlord Alliance.

"This is a face I've never seen before but you are great."

"Isn't it unfair that I need to pay to see you?"

\[The character 'Gong Pildu' is interested in you.\]

In any case, I seemed to be the type that was popular with the bad guys. It
was the same with Kim Namwoon.

"You are fairly good at talking. But it isn't good to be too cocky."

Tadak. I heard magic bullets being loaded in the turrets. 'Damn bastard'.

Gong Pildu smiled like an ordinary neighborhood ahjussi, but I knew... Gong
Pildu could never be an ordinary neighborhood ahjussi.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Gong Pildu

Age: 48 years old

Sponsor: Defense Master

Exclusive Attributes: Landlord \(Rare\), Great Landowner \(Rare\)

Exclusive Skills: Private Property Lv. 3, Patience Lv. 1, Profit Calculation
Lv. 2, Leadership Lv. 2, Incite Lv. 1, Weapons Training Lv. 1.

Stigma: Armed Zone Lv. 3.

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 9, Strength Lv. 11, Agility Lv. 10, Magic Power
Lv. 19.

Overall Evaluation: Gong Pildu, the representative of the Chungmuro Landlord
Alliance. His skill 'Private Property' and stigma 'Armed Zone' has the best
effect in a battle against many. It is advisable not to make him an enemy.

\* 'Starter Pack' is currently applied.

\* A growth package is currently applied.

There were numerous 'gap' in this world, but few of them were as stable as a
landowner or landlord. However, there were those who boasted both
characteristics, and the 'Armed Fortress Master' Gong Pildu in front of me was
one of them. I realized it when I saw this explanation. His magic power was
already at level 19. Indeed, this would be enough for him to be one of the 10
Evils in the future.

"By the way, what did you come here for? I don't think your goal is paying the
fine."

He was also very sensitive. I pondered over it for a while. Should I negotiate
here or overpower Gong Pildu? It might be possible if I used all my power, but
it wouldn't be easy to break through Gong Pildu's Armed Zone. I needed to
prepare to receive a big injury if I wanted to defeat the turrets.

What should I do? There was a separate place where I had to use coins, so it
was impossible to increase my stats.

"I'm warning you that you shouldn't think of anything." Gong Pildu smiled at
me. His troops were surrounding Lee Hyunsung. He really moved quickly.

I laughed and raised both hands. "Please calm down. Isn't it obvious for a
tenant to come to the landlord?"

"Is it for a room?"

"Yes. Please let my companions and I sit in your green zone"

This was a must. In order to clear the third scenario safely, we had to stay
in Gong Pildu's green zone. However, Gong Pildu's answer was as expected. "No.
The alliance doesn't accept outsiders. I'll think about it if every person
pays 500 coins a day."

500 coins a day? It was like selling coins. This was more expensive than the
Dokkaebi Bag.

"It is a bit tough, so I will give you information instead."

"What information?"

"Information about Yoo Joonghyuk."

'Yoo Joonghyuk'. The complexions of the landlords changed with that one name.

"Yoo Joonghyuk? Yoo Joonghyuk caused such an uproar not long ago..."

"You bastard\! What is your relationship with that guy?"

"Pildu-ssi\! Isn't this bastard suspicious?"

There was a reaction. I thought that Yoo Joonghyuk would've already caused a
problem with the Landlord Alliance. In fact, I was a bit unsure about this
point. According to the original story, Yoo Joonghyuk of the third regression
should be fighting against the Landlord Alliance by now. What was he doing?
Gong Pildu stared at me with suspicious eyes. "What is your relationship with
Yoo Joonghyuk?"

"We are companions separated by life and death."

"...I don't think it is like that?"

"Anyway, we're friendly."

"How can I believe that?"

"Don't believe me. Don't you have nothing to lose?" I threw out the bait.

Perhaps Gong Pildu would have to accept my suggestion. It was because right
now, Yoo Joonghyuk was the only person who could threaten the power balance in
Chungmuro.

\[The character 'Gong Pildu' has activated 'Profit Calculation Lv. 2\!\]

"Why won't I receive any loss?"

"...?"

"There is no guarantee that you aren't a scammer. I can't ignore my years of
experience. In my experience, people like you run away to avoid paying the
rent at the end of the month."

It was so accurate that I felt wronged. Still, it was difficult to push it
here. "If you don't believe me, it can't be helped. Maybe there will be
damages."

Gong Pildu's expression became complicated. I turned around without
hesitation. It was important not to show any regret. That way, he would regret
it even more.

"Wait a minute." Indeed. "You have to pay the fine for intruding. Where are
you trying to flee to?"

It was another regret. Dammit. I turned around and smiled awkwardly. "How
much? 100 coins?"

"No, you and that kid are 1,000 coins."

The vein on my head bulged. Did this bastard think that 1,000 coins were 1,000
won...?

"That is too much."

The dokkaebi still hadn't given me my cut of the coins, but I couldn't give
1,000 coins to a jerk like Gong Pildu. Gong Pildu grinned. "Then you are
disqualified as tenants. Die."

I instinctively pushed through the men around me and ran to where my party
members were. There was the first sound of firing, and Lee Hyunsung held up a
metal shield, blocking my back. He was really reliable. Lee Hyunsung's
strength and physique were level 14, but he spoke very nervously, "...Dokja-
ssi."

I could clearly see his trembling arm muscles. Lee Hyunsung had yet to obtain
his second stigma, which meant he couldn't hold on against the turrets.
Moreover, there was no Jung Heewon. If I started a head to head fight, someone
in this party would surely die.

"Gong Pildu-ssi, wait a moment. If we fight then you won't escape any
damages."

"What?"

"It is better not to fight us now."

"Why?"

The damage had to be shown.

"If we fight now, you will die here."

Gong Pildu's expression hardened. Even if I didn't add anything, Gong Pildu
would've noticed the presence of the guy coming down the escalator from B1. It
would be strange if he didn't know considering the guy was giving off such a
huge momentum.

"My best companion is coming."

It was Yoo Joonghyuk. I didn't expect that damn regressor to be happy.

"Master, it's that person. He pretended to be Master's companion," Lee Jihye
cried out shrilly as she pointed at me. The main character, the lone hero of a
drama, was walking by her side. He looked at me with impressively fierce eyes.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is greatly disturbed.\]

\[Exclusive skill, Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint stage 2 has been
activated\!\]

There was a brief moment of dizziness, and I started to hear his thoughts.

 How... Already? 

I waved to him and said casually, "Hi Joonghyuk."

.

"Have you been well? Your face looks good?"

.

Lee Jihye and Gong Pildu looked at us like they couldn't believe it. They
never expected that I would be a companion of Yoo Joonghyuk. There was a tight
tension in the air.

"These people don't believe I am your companion. Can you tell them?"

Nevertheless, I knew Yoo Joonghyuk. This bastard killed easily but he kept his
promises.

\[A few constellations are paying attention to character Yoo Joonghyuk's
answer.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is observing Yoo Joonghyuk's
loyalty.\]

Moreover, the constellations were paying a lot of attention.

.

Yoo Joonghyuk watched me and slowly opened his mouth. However, my words were
faster. "Ah, right. It would be better if you let me use the bathroom\!"

Finally, Yoo Joonghyuk pulled out a blade.

  

* * *

  

After a while, we safely used the bathroom and came down to the platform of
line 3. It was thanks to this fellow regressor companion. I smiled widely.
"It's nice to see you, you rascal."

"...You're alive."

In conclusion, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't call me his companion. He just pointed his
blade at Gong Pildu as his answer. Fortunately, Gong Pildu didn't want to
clash with us and let us go.

I asked, "Were you hoping I would be killed?"

"I thought it would be good."

This rotten companion...

I became angrier when I saw that cheeky face. It made me want to run over and
strike him in the jaw, but I couldn't do it.

\[The exclusive skill, Character List is activated.\]

\[There is too much information about this person. Character List is converted
to Character Summary.\]

Full version.

\[Converting the character information of 'Yoo Joonghyuk' into the 'full
version'.\]

\[Character Summary\]

Name: Yoo Joonghyuk.

Age: 28 years old.

Sponsor: ???

Exclusive Attributes: Regressor \(3rd turn\) \(Myth\), Pro Gamer \(Rare\)

Exclusive Skills: Sage's Eye Lv. 8, Hand to Hand Combat Lv. 8, Advanced
Weapons Training Lv. 5, Strong Self-Defense Lv. 5, Mental Barrier Lv. 5, Crowd
Control Lv. 5, Reasoning Lv. 5, Lie Detection Lv. 4...\(Omitted\)...

Stigma: Regression Lv. 3

Overall Stats: Physique Lv. 24, Strength Lv. 24, Agility Lv. 25, Magic Power
Lv. 23.

Comprehensive Evaluation: The comprehensive evaluation of this person is too
long to load.

It hadn't seemed that great in the novel. Yet, having seen it in person now, I
knew how extraordinary it was. We were about to enter the third scenario, and
Yoo Joonghyuk's total physical related stats were around 70.

'This crazy bastard'.

Dammit, this was the main character buff.

"Do you have anything to say?" Yoo Joonghyuk asked.

Yoo Joonghyuk's growth rate was steeper than it had been in the original three
regressions. The fact that his growth was so fast meant he was taking great
risks... What the hell was this person, who had only returned three times,
doing? Something was making me uneasy. I would have to dig it out sooner or
later...

"I asked if you had anything to say."

"No, I was just looking."

 ...He is more tenacious than I thought. 

What tenacity? He had a serious chuuni disease.

 However, being cheeky isn't good. Should I just kill him now? 

"I'm joking." I laughed hurriedly. Yoo Joonghyuk turned his head like he
wasn't interested.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is disappointed in
you.\]

Anyway, I didn't want to alienate Yoo Joonghyuk right now. In order to clear
the multiple scenarios, Yoo Joonghyuk was a necessary person. Even if we
weren't real companions, it was worth using him thoroughly.

...Why did it sound like I was making excuses?

"It looks like you've obtained companions." Yoo Joonghyuk looked at the people
behind me with emotionless eyes.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is a bit disappointed in you.\]

'...What? Why?'

The answer was very clear.

\[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used Sage's Eye Lv. 8\!\]

 He picked up Lee Hyunsung but was only able to raise him to this level. 

I was at a loss for a moment because it was true. Certainly, Lee Hyunsung's
growth would be better if he had moved with Yoo Joonghyuk.

'Still... this bastard'.

I was just an ordinary reader who had luckily gotten to know the future.

 It is below expectations. 

It seemed worse because I was hearing his words in my mind. At that moment,
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes stopped as he was looking around. For the first time,
confusion could be seen in his eyes.

...What is that? 


