### Chapter 268: Ep. 50 - Dokja's Story, V

\[Arrogant transcendent, what bullshit...\!\]

At the beginning of the showdown, Yoo Joonghyuk moved.

The scorn of the constellations and the overwhelming disadvantage in power
weren't important to the present Yoo Joonghyuk. From the moment he entered the
third round, he had been focused on only killing the enemies in front of him.

An aura spread from Yoo Joonghyuk and some of the historical-grade
constellations in front murmured to themselves. However, most of the
constellations still looked down on Yoo Joonghyuk.

No matter how transcendent, he was just a human. The constellations had no
reason to lose in a situation where they had an overwhelming advantage in
numbers.

This became the last thought of the General of Vanara.

\[The exclusive skill 'Giant Body Transformation Lv. 6 is activated\!\]

Giant Body Transformation was used and Yoo Joonghyuk narrowed the distance to
the constellations in an instant. Yoo Joonghyuk shot forward like a meteor.

By the time the General of Vanara realized the sword and hurriedly raised his
huge double-edged sword, his head was already cut by the Black Heavenly Demon
Sword and flying through the air.

\[You dare...\!\]

The General of Vanara's eyes widened and he spoke in his true voice, even with
his cut neck.

Yoo Joonghyuk cut the flying head in half using the Black Heavenly Demon
Sword.

It was a ridiculous end.

The excessively concentrated magic power was melting Yoo Joonghyuk's blood. It
was the result of invoking transcendence stage three to the limit. The maximum
time he could stay in this state was 10 minutes. In these 10 minutes, Yoo
Joonghyuk had to defeat everyone.

"Next."

The death of the General of Vanara was a great shock to the constellations.
The constellations didn't disappear with the death of their incarnation
bodies.

However, there was no one who wanted to lose their incarnation body in vain. A
fatal death permanently damaged the constellations. All the constellations
became stiff.

Yoo Joonghyuk utilized this short gap to attempt a second attack. The Black
Heavenly Demon Sword left a dark trajectory as it moved and cut off the wings
of a giant bird. The Thunder Eating Bird let out a loud cry. Then the
constellations started to move.

\[You\!\]

The Founder of Humanity's Primitive Spear aimed at Yoo Joonghyuk. It was a
blow that would've turned any normal incarnation to powder.

However, Yoo Joonghyuk received this blow. The impact ruptured his right
forearm muscle and the force pushed at his entire body. Blood poured from his
mouth but Yoo Joonghyuk didn't lose focus.

\[Excessive concentration has expanded the category of the attributes\!\]

\[The exclusive attribute 'Ruler of Amusement' is activated\!\]

His concentration awakened the power of the character. All the incoming
constellations became data and flowed into Yoo Joonghyuk's mind. At this
moment, the world was a game to Yoo Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk avoided the
attacks of the constellations with restrained movements and fought back using
magic power.

\[Kuaaack\!\]

The Founder of Humanity screamed as his fingers were cut by the Black Heavenly
Demon Sword.

Yoo Joonghyuk's Black Heavenly Demon Sword let out a deafening roar as it dug
into the gap.

Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

Destruction skill.

Breaking the Sky Meteor.

The sword rose from the ground to the heavens, stabbing the sky like a
thunderbolt. The branches of the sword energy hide in the dark clouds and
created thunder. The thunder poured from the night sky and struck the
constellations like meteorites.

Dozens of thunderbolts fell from the sky and the incarnation bodies of the
constellations were pierced. It was a blow containing the power of
transcendence stage three.

\[Kuaaah\!\]

Yoo Joonghyuk watched the constellations struggling with the pain and felt
himself dying. The experiences of the third round went through his mind.

It was a short round. Even so, many things happened.

\[The story 'One who Inherited the Name of the King' is crying out.\]

As if responding to his feelings, the stories starting speaking. It was as if
every story had its own will. Most of them weren't stories he had accumulated
alone.

\[The story 'Person who Opposes the Miracle' has begun.\]

A story about returnees.

\[The story 'Paradise of Despair' has begun.\]

A story earned by preserving the abandoned paradise.

\[The story 'One who Fought Against an Outer God' has begun.\]

The story where he confronted the outer god.

\[The story 'Ruler of the Industrial Complex' has begun.\]

It was a story that he would've normally never achieved. It was a story that
was unrelated to the current situation but it was a story related to someone
else. It was a story that could never be achieved alone.

The stories started talking at the same time. It was as if they didn't want to
finish the story here. Along with the bitter pain, blood poured from Yoo
Joonghyuk's chest. He didn't even know how he obtained these wounds.

There were a few fallen incarnation bodies on the ground. The Supreme God of
Light Surya saw it and spoke.

\[Amazing. You already can't be called a human anymore, child.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's stories emitted a bright light like he was rebelling against
the true voice.

\[The story 'One Who Hunted the King of Disasters' is roaring.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk was a transcendent. The stories were the unique parts making up
the constellations. Just having stories didn't mean a person could be equal to
the stars in the night sky. Even so, the current light pouring from Yoo
Joonghyuk's body was brighter than any constellation in the place.

Yoo Joonghyuk looked at the stories flowing from his body. Some were known and
some were unfamiliar. There was a story that couldn't be obtained again.

\[The story 'Life and Death Companions' wants to continue.\]

He couldn't help glancing at Yoo Sangah and the other party members. He also
saw Kim Dokja on Lee Hyunsung's back.

Yoo Joonghyuk gripped the Black Heavenly Demon Sword that was slipping from
his hands.

...He couldn't die. He couldn't die in a place like this. He used the last of
his strength to point the trembling sword at Surya. Surya laughed as if the
sight was interesting.

\[However, it is only a human story.\]

Surya released a bright light as he used the stories he accumulated over
thousands of years. It was a status that couldn't be resisted. Yoo Joonghyuk's
short history was shaking in front of those formidable years.

\[Foolish humans who don't know that a god's power is so high.\]

The sunlight that melted everything poured towards Yoo Joonghyuk.

  

* * *

  

The scene of the industrial complex being destroyed by the constellations.
Incarnations died without being able to rebel. Some people who felt desperate
at the sudden disaster appeared up close on the screen. The most horrifying
thing was that a man who was covered in injuries and lost one arm was still
fighting.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is furious\!\]

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is sorry for the incarnation
'Yoo Joonghyuk'.\]

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is pointing a finger to
the cowardly constellations\!\]

\[Many constellations are complaining about the constellations on the
battlefield\!\]

There were countless indirect messages from the constellations and the
dokkaebi of the bureau were listening to them. Among them was Bihyung, the
dokkaebi in charge of the Demon King Selection.

\[What the hell do you mean by this?\]

He was rarely angry or agitated but now he had the same mind as the
constellations in his channel.

\[The second game is the victory of the Yoo Joonghyuk - Kim Dokja Industrial
Complex\! There was a time difference but there is nothing to worry about.
Then why not announce the winner?\!\]

Shortly after the second game, Bihyung contacted the bureau's approval team
directly. However, the only answer he got in return was 'it is being
prepared'.

In the end, the last connection Bihyung had was Baram, the next great dokkaebi
candidate. There was a crackling sound and Baram's face appeared on the
screen.

\[This is the decision of the bureau.\]

The decision of the bureau. They were magic words.

'This is the bureau's decision'.

'This is the bureau's decision'.

\[Baram. This is the main scenario.\]

There were some things that even the bureau couldn't touch.

\[Since when did the bureau interfere with the development of the main
scenario? It is also a scenario where a giant story is involved... Baram, don't
you know what will happen if you do this?\]

Baram didn't answer.

\[Please tell me. Who the hell did this? Is it one of your superiors?\]

Bihyung glanced at Dokgak on the screen. It was clear that Dokgak was
associated with this situation. However, this wasn't something that could be
done by one or two senior dokkaebis. The silent Baram opened his mouth.

\[...Are you doubting the 'great dokkaebis' right now?\]

\[Is there any other streamer who can do this beside them?\]

\[Bihyung, please wake up. Why would they do this?\]

\[I don't know. Perhaps some bribes were received.\]

Baram frowned.

\[The great dokkaebis aren't bound by such private understandings.\]

\[Then why is this happening? Baram, you must know something\!\]

\[Bihyung.\]

Bihyung instantly flinched. Baram's voice was furious. Bihyung thought there
would be a strict scolding but unexpectedly, Baram just relaxed. It was as if
he understood Bihyung. Baram on the screen was also watching the scenes of the
Demon King Selection. Baram's lips slowly opened.

\[Yes, maybe one of the great dokkaebis created this 'delay', as you said.\]

\[Then...\]

\[However, even a great dokkaebi can only do it up to there. It is impossible
for a great dokkaebi to endure the storm that will be created from intervening
in a scenario of this magnitude.\]

\[...So who did it?\]

At this moment, there was a loud noise and the ceiling of the bureau shook. It
sounded like a huge dragon passing by. It was the sound of 'probability'
moving.

Bihyung's expression hardened.

\[Don't tell me... something so ridiculous...\]

\[Do you understand now?\]

The existence that could move this probability. There was only one such
existence in the Star Stream. He didn't even know if it should be called an
'existence'.

Baram drove in the wedge. \[The will of the Star Stream wanted this.\]

\[This is ridiculous\!\]

\[There is no other way to explain it.\]

Bihyung's words were taken away and he stared blankly at the screen. Kim
Dokja's party was shown on the screen.

Originally, they should be excited about winning. Now they looked terrible as
they lay on the ground.

It was a confrontation with constellations supported by the nebula. It was a
ridiculous fight from the beginning but the party fought well. They played a
game against powerful constellations and finally won the competition that gave
them a giant story. Now they were going to be losers just because there wasn't
a 'winner announcement'.

It was just because the Star Stream wanted this. Resentment mixed with anger
filled Bihyung's eyes.

\[Then... why does a streamer exist?\]

It was the first time Bihyung felt helplessness since becoming a dokkaebi. His
fingertips trembled as the parts of the scenario he touched fell.

\[If we can't stop this nonsensical development... what are the streamers of
this world worth?\]

\[Bihyung.\]

Baram saw Bihyung's sad eyes and slowly spoke.

\[Steamers are also part of the story.\]

The desperate Bihyung stared at the screen. Yoo Joonghyuk was gradually
melting in the dazzling sunlight. Now the story was leaving the streamer's
hand.

Thus, there was only one thing to believe in.

\[Many constellations are looking at one constellation.\]

The man on Lee Hyunsung's back was shaking. On the screen, the man was slowly
opening his eyes.


