### Chapter 490: Ep. 93 - Omniscient Author's Viewpoint, IV

Every Dokkaebi dreamed of becoming the 'Great Dokkaebi'. That was the peak of
one's tale that a <Star Stream>'s Dokkaebi could reach.

Yet, those that did reach the top continued to dream.

Bihyung stared at the \[Final Wall\] utterly filling up the view out from the
front of the Ark. Even though so many stories existed, most of the wall was
still empty.

\[...Is there a reason to go this far??\]

Bihyung's anger caused the Great Dokkaebis' communication line to go silent.
He then continued to observe the <Kim Dokja's Company>'s companions from the
skies of the Final Scenario. And at the figure of Kim Dokja as the Outer God.

Starting from the subway that day, all the way up to the Final Scenario; while
Kim Dokja became the Demon King of Salvation, then became the 'Watcher of
Light and Darkness', Bihyung also became a higher class Dokkaebi, before
eventually ending up as a Great Dokkaebi himself.

The biggest mistake a storyteller can make is excessively interfering in a
scenario.

Dokkaebis' mission was to attract as much attention of the Constellations and
create stories that would be recorded on the 'Final Wall'.

That was why Dokkaebis should never be dragged around by the scenarios
themselves. They must never be seduced by the Stories blooming from within the
scenarios, and especially should not empathise with the Incarnations' pain.

But, Bihyung made that very blunder.

While looking at their Story, several of the feelings he had forgotten in the
past woke back up again  that flutter of one's heart when one scenario ended
and the next one came around; that sense of fulfilment after seeing the
Constellations rejoice or wallow from the scenario he had cooked up.

Bihyung learned about 'scenario' from Kim Dokja.

\[They are not carrying out the scenario incorrectly. From the beginning,
'scenario' flows in a reversible, malleable way. Meaning, it flows in the
direction that many stars wish to see. Other Constellations of <Star Stream>
are...\]

\[Looks like you care greatly about this Story since you helped to foster it,
but listen well. There is something called the flow of the bigger story.\]

Bihyung was about to raise his voice only to hold himself back. He had to, as
every other Great Dokkaebi was now focusing on him. Although vexing, he had no
choice as the youngest in this group.

Great Dokkaebi 'Garang' finally broke the silence it had been maintaining
until now. \[A young Great Dokkaebi such as yourself probably finds such
Conclusions quite fresh. However, I've witnessed Stories like that many times
before. Do you honestly think that, in its immense history, there had been no
one else who resented <Star Stream> and tried to destroy it?\]

The Great Dokkaebi Garang, one of the oldest Dokkaebis in existence, and also
the closest aid to the 'Dokkaebi King', too.

\[There have been countless destructions before.\]

Bihyung simply couldn't unpack the remorse faintly discernible from that tone
of voice.

\[Not all destruction is the same,\] replied Bihyung.

A few Great Dokkaebis glared at him as a warning. However, he tried his best
not to shrink back and held Garang's gaze. The latter stared at the former
with mysterious, profound eyes and only after a lengthy amount of time, opened
its mouth. \[Indeed, the  they dream of is slightly different from other
Stories.\]

Perhaps that statement got on its nerves, the Great Dokkaebi Onsae stopped
observing and tried to intervene. Garang raised its hand first and stopped its
colleague while continuing on with its words.

\[But, that difference is the threat itself. Not every Story will become a
foundation for the next one.\]

\[What do you mean by that?\]

\[There are certain Stories that will completely break the scenario.\]

Gah-aaaaaaah\!\!

The screams from the 'Nameless Ones'.

Once upon a time, they too were beings that participated in different
scenarios. They cried out in despair and attacked the Constellations. And in
their center was the Outer God King Kim Dokja leading these godly beings from
the other worlds.

The Enemy of the Story.

To Bihyung's knowledge, no other calamity was given that title. He hadn't even
heard of the plan to give that title in the first place.

Garang continued on while watching Kim Dokja's resistance.

\[At the beginning of every scenario, the protagonists will always experience
the deviation from the normal world. They will fight against the enemies
appearing before them, experience dilemmas, and sacrifice something in order
to emerge victorious before returning to their original world to receive their
deserved rewards.\]

Bihyung knew of that theory. The first thing the lower-ranked Dokkaebis would
hear about was that ancient rule of the scenario.

\[Although outdated, that is still the focal point of the scenario. This cycle
has to be protected so that the next scenario can be created, and the next
world-line can open up. Conflicts will be mended, wounds will be healed; the
world must remain in one piece as if nothing had happened to it.\]

The distant foot of a mountain range collapsed before exploding spectacularly.
The number of Constellations gathering was constantly increasing.

Bihyung knew the truth. This very 'Final Scenario' had been planned from the
get-go.

The end of the world will come, and then, it'll be defeated.

That imaginary enemy called the 'Outer God King' only existed for that sole
purpose. Stars that once used to be at odds with each other would unite
against the advent of a powerful enemy and fight together; some may die and
some may survive, but they would still get to resolve all the old conflicts.
The world would regain its peace. The gossipers would sing about this history
and pass it down through the generations.

And nothing will change. <Star Stream> will continue on.

And that was the truth of the 'scenario' that the Dokkaebis pursued.

The scenario must cycle back and repeat itself.

\[The absolute majority of Constellations are excited by the 'Final
Scenario'\!\]

To ensure that no one realized what the <Star Stream> actually was, and why
the scenario had to be repeated, brand new stories had to be supplied to the
Constellations. However, there were a few that resisted against this.

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is continuing with its storytelling\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is rejecting the predetermined
development.\]

Those that resisted against the scenarios predetermined for them, and they
wished to bring down the existence of the <Star Stream> itself.

\[Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung's'  is 'Neverending Story'\!\]

The Neverending Story.

The contradicting  that didn't acknowledge the end as an end, was glowing
brightly over yonder. That was the conclusion an author, not a storyteller of
the universe, had decided on.

They were existences that rejected the <Star Stream>'s cycle and chose to
fight on forever.

Kwa-aaaaaaah\!

As the explosion roared on, the Great Dokkaebi Garang finally made its
declaration. \[Let us close the lid on this world-line here.\]

The Great Dokkaebis keeping silent, and those that were observing the
responses of their peers until then, all nodded their heads in unison.

Even before Bihyung could say something, Baram next to him spoke up first.
\[Bihyung, I'm sorry, but things have come down to this. It seems that you'll
have to overlook it this time.\]

The moment Bihyung saw Baram's expression, he realized the truth. Every single
Great Dokkaebi gathered here was the universe's best storytellers. They were
the rulers that lorded over the scenarios and manipulated the stars while
controlling this world-line.

Even then, for the first time ever, they had grown fearful of the 'story' they
had created.

\[We will use up the remaining Probability in order to forcibly execute the
main scenario.\]

'Forcibly executing' the scenario was the last trump card up their sleeve that
the Dokkaebis could resort to. It was kind of a 'deus ex machina' that could
forcefully restrict the flow of <Star Stream> at the cost of the truly
nonsensical amount of Probability.

Especially so when trying to use it during the Final Scenario  the amount
required simply defied one's imaginations.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu\!

When the Bureau's Probability began moving, the skies over the whole of <Star
Stream> was blanketed by blinding explosion of sparks. There didn't seem to be
any spot left for darkness to hide within this world-line.

\[They must end as 'evil'.\]

As if to agree with the will of the Great Dokkaebis, Giant Stories began
supporting them.

\[Giant Story, 'Temple of the Destroyed Myth', is complying with the Bureau's
will\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Advent of the New Dawn', is agreeing with the flow\!\]

\[Giant Story, 'Eternal Olympus', respects the Bureau's will\!\]

Bihyung watched the final pages being written by the Great Dokkaebis from a
step away.

\[Other Great Dokkaebis are strongly urging you to make your decision\!\]

He was yet to agree with this conclusion.

\[Bihyung\!\]

Even though Baram called out to him, he didn't reply.

\[<Star Stream> is resisting against the Great Dokkaebis' interference\!\]

The sparks in the skies soon reached the Great Dokkaebis. An incredible storm
of aftermaths was rushing in. Even if they were Great Dokkaebis, trying to
intervene in a scenario still required this much price to pay.

\[I, 'Great Dokkaebi Garang', declare my intention to officially participate
in the scenario\!\]

Garam's declaration prompted other Great Dokkaebis to make theirs as well.

\[I, 'Great Dokkaebi Noksu', declare my intention to...\]

\[I, 'Great Dokkaebi Haram', declare...\]

Over ten Great Dokkaebis were hardening their resolve. The meaning of
officially participating in the scenario meant they were giving up on the
positions of neutral bystanders.

A short while later, a message could be heard in the empty air.

\[<Star Stream>'s Probability is experiencing a massive and sudden change\!\]

\[<Star Stream> permits the meta-like intervention.\]

\[From here onwards, 'storytellers' will no longer be the scenario's
bystanders.\]

\[Many Constellations are greatly stunned by the Great Dokkaebis' decision\!\]

\[A portion of Constellations are denouncing the Great Dokkaebis' act of
brutality...\!\]

Bihyung stared at those Great Dokkaebis. He stared at their desire to end this
world, even going as far as to ignore the Constellations and their messages of
opposition.

It could be that they had been writing the 'scenario' for far too long.

There was another gaze from afar staring at these Great Dokkaebis. Bihyung met
this gaze.

It was from Kim Dokja, who had become an Outer God and then, the Enemy of the
Story. After he became an existence outside of the scenario, not even Bihyung
could understand him now.

Even then, why? Bihyung thought that, in that very moment, Kim Dokja seemed to
be smiling. It could very well be that these Great Dokkaebis still didn't
understand anything about that guy. Still failing to understand what kind of a
person Kim Dokja was.

Failing to realize what it meant to officially participate in the scenario,
and to become its characters.

Bihyung silently received that gaze, and took a step forward.

\[Your  is calling out to you.\]

And so, it was now Bihyung's turn to choose his .

  

* * *

  

The intervention from the Great Dokkaebis caused the scenario's balance to
tilt the other way.

\[The target you wish to protect is the Enemy of the Story.\]

\[Your actions are restricted by the Bureau's Probability\!\]

Not just Han Sooyoung, but the rest of the companions were being sucked into
the storm of the Probability's aftermaths as well. Pale-blue sparks tightly
wrapped around their bodies like binding ropes.

"Sooyoung-ssi, this\!"

"Those sons of bitches... They are planning to end the scenario in this way."

\[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is quietly seething in anger.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Liberator of the Forgotten Ones', has begun its
storytelling\!\]

The <Kim Dokja's Company>'s Giant Stories did absolutely everything in order
to resist the Bureau. However, it wasn't enough. Their enemy this time was the
strongest 'Giant Story' in this world.

\[Now\! Attack its head\!\!\]

Constellations managed to pry open the gap among the Nameless Ones and
advanced forward, before finally firing their weapons at Kim Dokja.

"Kim Dokja\!"

Han Sooyoung cried out, but her voice couldn't reach him.

\[You can't protect the target.\]

\[Target you wish to protect is an existence you don't know.\]

"...Screw you, don't give me that crap."

She recalled what the Great Dokkaebis said as if it was some kind of a curse.

A human couldn't understand another even after devoting one's lifetime.

However, they weren't just one person.

Han Sooyoung looked around her. Lee Hyunsung, Jung, Heewon, Lee Jihye, and
then, Shin Yoosung and Lee Gilyoung; finally, her companions riding on the
battleship were looking back at her.

Perhaps, there was none among them who weren't 'Kim Dokja'. Everyone here,
they held at least one handful of share in Kim Dokja's life.

However, there was one person missing from this picture.

'Where did that guy disappear to??'

Han Sooyoung bit her lip. Unfortunately, she couldn't wait any longer.

"Aaaaaah\!"

Jung Heewon screamed as if her body was being torn apart while moving forward.
The storm of aftermath was shattering her muscles and blowing up her blood
vessels. Still, she forged ahead even as her tattered, bloodied body tottered
unsteadily. She took one step at a time towards Kim Dokja while gripping the
\[Judge's Sword\] tightly. It wasn't to cut him down, though.

Claaaaang\!

Jung Heewon deflected a blade of a Constellation flying in only to vomit out a
mouthful of blood. Lee Hyunsung was right behind her.

Ku-dudududu\!

The Outer God-ified Kim Dokja was fighting against the Constellations from
within the storm of aftermath. And his companions were protecting him even as
they were left in tatters by the exploding sparks.

"...There are this many people here, yet we can't protect Kim Dokja?"

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has begun its storytelling\!\]

\[Story, 'Saviour of the Star', is searching for the 'Demon King of
Salvation'.\]

\[Story, 'Insect King', is searching for the 'Demon King of Salvation'.\]

\[Story, 'Judge of the Apocalypse', is searching for the 'Demon King of
Salvation'.\]

Every Story they owned was searching for Kim Dokja. They were crying out
towards the man they used to know.

\[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', is continuing with its storytelling\!\]

If they couldn't fight together because they couldn't understand him, and if
that's why they couldn't protect him, then...

\[Many Constellations are sighing in lamentation at the <Kim Dokja's
Company>'s tragedy.\]

\[A Portion of Constellations are lodging a protest at the Bureau's treachery
and...\!\]

Blood trickled down Han Sooyoung's lips. Dizziness assaulted her overheating
head and her consciousness was wavering. It was also right then that someone
grasped her shoulder.

She thought that curly blonde locks were dancing past her eyes, only for
something to start protecting her and the companions. It felt like a
transparent wall was enveloping them.

\['Wall of Impossible Communication' is protecting <Kim Dokja's Company>\!\]

Jang Hayoung materialised her wall, and while supporting Han Sooyoung, began
walking towards Kim Dokja.

"Is there anyone here who likes the 'Demon King of Salvation' more than me?"

Tsu-chuchuchut\!

Dokja-ssi, I'll stop telling you about that story of the lost things. It
feels like you're fed up...

Hyung, I'm right here. I have something I want to tell you.

Don't worry. I won't go anywhere without you, ahjussi.

Sentences were scattering away.

Stories that <Kim Dokja's Company> had compiled so far were now intertwining
into one theme.

\[A fragment of the 'Final Wall' has been revealed to the world\!\]

\[Great Dokkaebis are greatly astonished\!\]

\['Wall of Impossible Communication' is placing its fragment into its place.\]

While being supported by Jang Hayoung, Han Sooyoung reached out to the 'Outer
God King' Kim Dokja. She felt the sensation of touching a wall. A cold and
uncaring wall.

\[Nebula, <Kim Dokja's Company>'s first 'theme' has been publicly unveiled\!\]

This wall existed in order to let others know that someone was beyond it. To
let them know there was a person requiring a wall in this world.

To let them know one could converse with another without hurting each other.

Han Sooyoung wrote her very first words on that impossible wall.

You idiot.

She couldn't believe that she wrote something that stupid. However, she didn't
have any energy left to write a follow-up.

It was then that the wall began shaking.

Accompanied by a light knocking noise, a new sentence she didn't write
appeared above the wall.

... Han Sooyoung.


