### Chapter 353: Ep. 66 - Beyond Good and Evil, III

Under the rubble, Yoo Joonghyuk's hands were sticking out. Han Sooyoung stared
down at Yoo Joonghyuk. "This jerk, always appearing and trampling on people...
do you feel good doing so?"

\[Incarnation 'Han Sooyoung' has an 8.9% share in the giant story 'Torch That
Swallowed the Myth'.\]

As expected, Han Sooyoung would have the correct amount of shares.

\[Narrators participating in the good or evil judgment can't 'gift shares.\]
It meant that those who hadn't yet participated would be able to exchange
their shares.

Han Sooyoung watched me and grumbled through Midday Tryst.

I lost 0.1% of this story to Lee Seolhwa.

Perhaps Han Sooyoung had adjusted her shares ownership to Lee Seolhwa as soon
as she learnt the information here. Then she came straight to this place. Han
Sooyoung turned towards the surrounding constellations and declared with a
growl, "I am evil. In addition, that fucking Kim Dokja standing over there is
definitely evil."

Han Sooyoung made me evil regardless of everything else and continued looking
at Yoo Joonghyuk and the party members.

"However, Kim Dokja's Company isn't good or evil."

This person shouting with her short hair flying looked amazing. At this time,
Han Sooyoung could be seen as the main character, not Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[The time limit has expired and the judgment of good and evil has been
finished.\]

\[A total of 91.8% has participation in the judgment of good and evil.\]

\[The participation rate of good and evil is 45.9% : 45.9%.\]

\[Good and evil are in perfect equilibrium.\]

The astonished demon kings and constellations were looking this way. I looked
back at them and added, "We aren't defined by your definitions."

\[Giant Story 'Torch That Swallowed the Myth' is a story that can't be
distinguished between good and evil.\]

The message drove in a wedge. I could see the dokkaebi in charge of hosting
this event smiling. It seemed that he thought it would be like this or perhaps
he wanted this ending.

The bureau must be excited right now. It was due to the huge amount of
indirect messages entering my ears.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is satisfied with your
judgment.\]

\[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is proud of you.\]

\[The constellation 'Father of the Rich Night' is pleased with your mettle.\]

\[A number of constellations of the neutral system favour your nebula.\]

\[Constellations of the neutral system have sponsored you 281,000 coins.\]

It was expected that the constellations of the neutral system would like this.
Some choices would occur while rejecting other choices.

\[Someone has recommended your story to the Star Stream.\]

\[You have acquired a new story\!\]

Of course, this didn't apply to all constellations.

\[Your choice has caused resentment among some of the constellations of

\[What...?\]

\[The good or evil of the story isn't determined?\]

The atmosphere of the constellations and demon kings were rapidly changing.

\[Constellations of the absolute good system oppose the ruling.\]

\[Constellations of the absolute evil system oppose the ruling.\]

An unusual flow was detected around the two tables, as if a riot would occur.

\[Such a thing can't happen\! Bureau, judge it again\!\]

\[What the hell is this?\]

From the demon kings to the archangels. All the gazes of the attendees were
fixed on the dokkaebi. The advanced dokkaebi felt the crisis and responded
while sweating. \[Sorry, it isn't possible. No one can reverse the outcome of
a story that has already been judged. That's the rule.\]

Fortunately, the bureau kept to its principles. However, keeping to the
principles didn't always bring about a good result.

\[...I was going to wait and see this season.\]

Things were flowing differently from expectations. The mid and low ranked
demon kings rose from their seats and released their status.

\[If the targets can't decide good and evil, we have to make a decision in
another way.\]

Once the demon kings moved, the archangels stood up like they wouldn't lose.

\[Many demon kings are showing hostility to the angels of the absolute good
system\!\]

\[Many archangels are showing vigilance towards the demon kings.\]

\[The balance of good and evil is shaking\!\]

The two camps confronted each other and it seemed they would rush forward at
any moment.

I stayed closed to the party members and watched the situation. By my side,
Jung Heewon pulled out the Sword of Judgment and spoke in a tense voice.
"Dokja-ssi."

"It's okay."

I guarded the party members, who seemed relieved. The Great War of Saints and
Demons might take place but such a huge event wouldn't occur here.

\[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is dissuading the archangels.\]

\[The demon king 'Ruler of the East Hell' is controlling the demon kings.\]

Perhaps Scribe of Heaven Metatron and Ruler of the East Hell Agares knew this
as well.

Good and evil must exist. If the scenario was triggered here, the two camps
would be destroyed by a disaster. If I was right, the damn dokkaebis of the
bureau would understand this the best.

\[The great dokkaebi 'Baram' has revealed his presence on the stage.\]

A great dokkaebi appeared like he had been waiting. Great Dokkaebi Baram. I
was familiar with him in the original novel.

\[Stop it. I'm sure you know that fighting here won't solve the problem.\]

The hard voice caused the demon kings and constellations to revolt.

\[The bureau can't intervene in this fight\!\]

\[Do you mean to end it like this?\]

Some of the constellations and demon kings gathered here were close to the
myth-grade. Thus, it was natural for them to not listen to the great dokkaebi.
The story might've been different if the dokkaebi king came directly.
Complaints came from everywhere and Baram told them.

\[There is no reversal of the ruling. In addition, we can't allow hostilities
in this place.\]

The resolute declaration caused the sparks flying in the air to block the
absolute good and absolute evil members. The opposing constellations were
about to rebel again when Baram continued. \[Your complaint is that the status
of good and evil can't be determined. If that's the case, how about one more
giant story?\]

\[...What does this mean?\]

\[We will open up a previous scenario to determine the status of this season's
good and evil.\]

I couldn't conceal my confusion at the words of the great dokkaebi. This guy,
what now...

\[The Star Stream agrees with the decision of the great dokkaebis.\]

\[The Duet Between Good and Evil wants a new scenario to determine the status
of good and evil.\]

The probability of the Star Stream was moving. The rivers of the galaxy were
flowing towards the desired story of many constellations. The scenario that
this probability was moving towards could be found in the hands of the Star
Stream.

The Ruler of the East Hell asked, \[Do you mean to open the Great War of
Saints and Demons now?\]

\[If you want.\]

Baram's declaration caused an uproar among numerous constellations. Baram made
an unknown smile as he looked at me.

\[However, please set the stage of the scenario yourself.\]

  

* * *

  

During the intermission, the constellations and demon kings spoke among
themselves about where to set the stage for the Great War of Saints and
Demons. Fortunately, the hostile gazes poured towards us seemed to relax
thanks to the dokkaebi's intervention.

The party members were exhausted by the sudden situation and sat down. Han
Sooyoung kicked at Yoo Joonghyuk's hand that was sticking out from the pile of
stones. "What is this? Why hasn't he come out yet?"

Yoo Joonghyuk showed no reaction. I observed the hand of the buried man but I
was afraid to grab hold of this hand. The words spoken by him were still
ringing in my ears.

Or is it information from the book called Ways of Survival?

Where did he hear this story? How far had the filtering been lifted and how
much did he know about Ways of Survival?

Han Sooyoung and I cooperated to bring him out. Yoo Joonghyuk was unconscious.
It was strange. He couldn't pass out just because he was hit by a pile of
stones.

"...Why is this jerk in this state?"

I looked closer and saw that Yoo Joonghyuk's body wasn't normal. I didn't know
where he went but his body was covered in large and small wounds. There were
traces of him killing and cutting something. In the past two days, Yoo
Joonghyuk seemed to have wandered through a scenario I didn't know about.
Under these circumstances, he couldn't overcome his anger towards me and
suffered severe injuries.

Han Sooyoung activated Midday Tryst and immediately sent me a message.

Yoo Joonghyuk has noticed the existence of Ways of Survival.

I know. Yoo Joonghyuk told me before you came.

I gave a brief overview of Yoo Joonghyuk's words. Han Sooyoung frowned deeply
when she heard the story.

...This jerk, where did he hear about it?

I don't know. Where have you been?

I killed the remaining prophets. I wondered if the information leaked from
them.

Did you figure it out?

No.

It was as I expected. The prophets would become characters once they ran out
of information.

The information didn't leak from the prophets. In my opinion...

I looked at Metatron who was discussing something with the archangels in the
distance. Perhaps Yoo Joonghyuk became aware of Ways of Survival through
Metatron.

Han Sooyoung said,

Asmodeus also knew about the existence of Ways of Survival. Perhaps most of
the top constellations know.

The top constellations... It was also time for the Seekers of the End to become
active. Finally, I could start to see the end of this long-running scenario.

I looked down at the fallen Yoo Joonghyuk. Han Sooyoung stared at me.

Kim Dokja, think about what's important right now.

I nodded. I looked up and Great Dokkaebi Baram was staring at me.

We also have to participate in the Great War of Saints and Demons.

Are you crazy? It isn't a scenario we can enter with our level right now.

Han Sooyoung was right. Originally, the Great War of Saints and Demons was a
main scenario in the 80s. I hadn't intended to do this either. It was better
to avoid the dangerous scenarios if possible. However, I couldn't do that with
the Great War of Saints and Demons. It didn't matter if it didn't wake up but
once the scenario occurred, it absolutely couldn't be avoided.

It doesn't matter if it is a higher-ranked scenario. The problem is the stage
of the war.

What...

Baram clapped in the distance. The constellations sat in place and Baram
opened his mouth.

\[We will end the recess. Constellations and demon kings, please choose the
stage of the scenario.\]

As if waiting, the constellations and demon kings stood up and shouted.

\[The stage of the Great War of Saints and Demons will be the 14th Demon
Realm\]

\[Our Guardian Tree is a good giant story stage.\]

\[What nonsense is that? The stage is...\!\]

They all tried to make a place favourable to them as the stage. There was also
a place I wanted as the stage but no one would support me if I spoke. I
thought to myself. How to do...

 \(Dokja-ssi, do you want the island as the stage?\) 

Then I heard a message from Yoo Sangah in my head.

 \(Perhaps I can help?\) 

'...Huh?'

 \(I found something interesting inside the wall.\) 

'Interesting?'

There was no answer from Yoo Sangah. Instead, I heard a rustling sound in my
head. After a while, an uneasy atmosphere occurred in the loud hall.

Several constellations were whispering together.

\[The information that just came in...\]

\[What? Is that true?\]

I noticed their whispers.

...Were they constellations with the power of 'revelation'? The atmosphere was
becoming graver. The whispers spread like waves. After five minutes, even
Metatron was making a serious expression. The voices of the arguing
constellations and demon kings died down one by one. After a while, they
started to glance at each other. It was the demon kings who acted first in the
fierce battle of wits.

\[I'm sorry, there is a bit of work to do and I have to go.\]

\[Me too\! It is the same for me.\]

Several demon kings suddenly disappeared from their seats. I watched their
faces closely. They were those associated with the Seekers of the End.

\[I'm sorry but I have to leave for a while.\]

Once the Morning Star Goddess of the Guardian Tree nebula spoke these words,
the situation became a one-sided wave.

\[I have a little work too\]

More and more people left and Metatron sighed lightly before glancing at
Baram.

\[I think you'll have to decide on your own.\]

Great Dokkaebi Baram's eyes widened as he looked at the air.

\[...Interesting. A revelation at this timing?\]

Several constellations noticeably flinched at the word 'revelation'. Baram
laughed. \[...Good. Even if everyone doesn't speak, the stage has already been
decided\]

I listened to the words of the great dokkaebi and was in a daze. What the hell
just happened? Then pain suddenly shot through my head.

\[The probability of the Star Stream is doubting you\!\]

I perceived a terrible gaze starting at me. It was gazing at me as if it found
something suspicious. The gaze lasted for a moment before disappearing.

\[The Star Stream has turned its gaze from you.\]

I wiped my sweat and cautiously called out to Yoo Sangah.

'Yoo Sangah-ssi? What did you do?'

Yoo Sangah was silent like she was looking for words to explain. Then she
said.

 \(Dokja-ssi, do you know how constellations read the future?\) 

'...I know'.

There were two main ways in which the constellations could read the future.
One way was to gather data to measure the future, like Hermes' system. The
other way was to receive a revelation like the Moerae, Eden and some of the
demon kings. It was a force called 'divine revelation'.

Yoo Sangah searched for words for a moment before replying with a light laugh.

 \(Well, I think I became a god.\) 


