### Chapter 409: Ep. 78 - Twist/, I

Every muscle on my body ached as if I had been thoroughly beaten up.

I had blacked out for a second but regained my consciousness somehow. I
vomited out Stories and opened my eyes within the pitch-black empty space. I
couldn't see a single thing nearby, but I already knew where I was.

\['Indescribable Distance' is glancing at you.\]

The 'Indescribable Distance', also known as the Nameless Mist.

I ran into this guy's clone back in the 73rd Demon Realm.

With nothing but the strength of a clone, this guy destroyed my Demon Realm,
and went on to break Narrative-grade Constellations and Transcendents alike.

And here I was, right inside the mouth of one Calamity that I dearly wished
not to meet again.

Kim Dokja thought to himself. This is the only way to stop the Apocalypse
Dragon.

...Right. I was wondering why you were keeping quiet until now.

In order to stop the world's calamity, summon yet another one. Only someone
like the Regressor Yoo Joonghyuk might come up with such an idea.

I looked at the Fourth Wall's messages floating up in the air and chuckled
wryly.

Even then, Kim Dokja simply had to do it.

The effects from the storm of aftermaths still lingered in my vicinity.

 You have distorted far too much Probability.

 You keep this up, and all the Probability's karma you've accumulated so far
will blow up in your face. You know what that means, don't you?

This was the Probability's karma that I had been accumulating until now. The
retribution that Constellations and Dokkaebis had warned me about.

There is no Story where something precious hasn't been lost.

Every large, great Story found in <Star Stream> was a story of loss.

In order to awaken a hero, something must be sacrificed, while lovers and
friends must lose something when trying to fulfil their love or friendship.

Someone had to lose something, and with that, Stories would become complete.

Kim Dokja hated that.

I knew that one day, I'd be paying the price for not losing out on anything.
That the time to pay for twisting stories around and distorting the
Probability would arrive sooner or later.

And that was why Kim Dokja decided to use that.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

More lumps of Story poured out of my mouth.

This wasn't because the 'Indescribable Distance' attacked me; no, it was the
distorted Probability's fault. The distortions of the world, saved up for the
purpose of summoning an Outer God, was trying to eliminate me from the
scenario itself.

\[Story, 'Demon King of Salvation', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

I managed to endure only because of my Stories. They continued to whisper into
my ears  they said that you're the 'Demon King of Salvation'. You must save
people.

Just like how they did to Metatron and Agares, Stories were whispering to me.

\[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

\[Giant Story, 'Torch that Swallowed the Myth', is continuing with its
storytelling.\]

Even though I was inside the quaking fog of darkness, I still could sense what
was happening outside.

\['Final Dragon of the Book of Apocalypse' is baring its animosity towards the
'Indescribable Distance'\!\]

\['Indescribable Distance' is making its move.\]

Thankfully, everything was unfolding according to the plan. The Outer God
showing up to devour me had discovered an even tastier prey and it was now far
too focused on preying on the 'Final Dragon of the Book of Revelation'.

The fight between Calamities had begun. The Final Dragon versus the Nameless
Mist.

These two's mutual destruction was the hope of all the other existences.

The most important thing was to buy enough time. Enough time for the
Constellations to reorganise themselves, for those damn stars to reform the
nebulas befitting their lofty titles.

\[Damage to your Incarnation Body is critical\!\]

\[Indescribable existence's Status is eating into your 'Context of
Modifier'.\]

\[Unity between Stories is weakening.\]

\[<Star Stream> is stunned by your extraordinary achievement.\]

\[Your own Giant Story is waking up.\]

I heard something faintly resembling a song from afar.

It was a melody I heard a long time ago. I wasn't sure whether that was my
mother's, from my companions, or from someone else.

Except that, as I listened to that faint song...

\[Story, 'Life and Death Companions', is continuing with its storytelling.\]

...I realized that I didn't want to die.

  

* * *

  

Ku-gugugugu\!

One world was colliding with another. Kim Dokja, completely exposed to the
Apocalypse Dragon's shockwave, was swallowed up by the jet-black fog of
darkness.

And now, it was no longer him dealing with the shockwave, but that horrifying
Outer God, instead.

The two powers born from Chaos collided, and everything near their vicinity
was sucked into nothingness.

\[Constellation, 'Mandala's Guardian', is gasping out.\]

Thankfully, the collision location was much further away than it looked, so
the companions still on the ground were spared.

Complexions of most Constellations were incredibly poor after having witnessed
both the Apocalypse Dragon and an Outer God.

As if all those days where they roamed the heavens like kings were nothing but
illusions, calamities that not even Narrative-grade Constellations could
handle were engaging in bitter warfare.

Only then did the Constellations of the night sky realize the truth  that the
end of the world was indeed right in front of their faces.

For a certain someone, though, a person's sacrifice was a much bigger tragedy
than the end of the world.

"Ahjussssiiiiii\!\!"

Lee Jihye yelled out in sheer desperation and fired her cannons at the fog of
darkness. Of course, none of the cannon shells could damage the main body of
the Nameless Mist. One couldn't even tell where its body started and ended,
after all.

Unfortunately, the companions were unable to control their overwhelming
emotions.

"No, no, no\!\!"

Shin Yoosung fitfully cried out as if she had been inflicted with an illness
of repeating the exact same words. And as if it was resonating with her
emotions, the Chimera Dragon spat out one Breath after another in the air.

The eyes of Lee Gilyoung standing next to them were half-blurry, unfocused. As
his entire body quivered, ominous demonic aura began oozing out from him.

"Contract... I will... I won't... will..."

And in front of these three, another three stepped forward. Facing the
horrifying Calamity that they had been dreading all along, each of the
companions lost their reasoning in their own ways. Some let themselves go,
falling to a flood of emotions, while others managed to hold on to their
broken reasoning in some elaborate manner.

Yoo Joonghyuk unleashed his transcended form.

Han Sooyoung was draped by the Black Flame Dragon.

And Jung Heewon had opened the eyes of God-slaying.

Without giving anyone a chance to stop them, the three stepped forward at the
same time, and they glanced at each other. Then, someone else did stop them
from the front.

It was Anna Croft.

"All of you, please stop\! You mustn't break away from the battlefield\!"

\[Nebula, <Asgard>, is currently commanding the battlefield.\]

Anna Croft's voice, along with <Asgard>'s Giant Story, managed to tie all
three of them to their spots.

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression crumpled in an unsightly manner. "Get out of my
sight."

"This isn't what the 'Demon King of Salvation' wanted\!"

"What the 'Demon King of Salvation' wanted?"

Han Sooyoung's left arm was lit in black flames as if there was no more need
to listen here.

Anna Croft quickly spoke. "I've begun seeing bits of the future."

The Stories were now flowing within her \[Eye of the Great Demon\].

"It might be that this is because he has really done it." Anna Croft sounded
genuinely impressed. She looked at the fierce battle of the two Calamities
taking place in the distant sky and spoke. "To save this world, he really..."

"God damn it\! Who cares about saving the world and shit?\! We want to...\!"

"His sacrifice is truly noble. Do you not understand what that means?"

"You better shut your mouth\!"

Han Sooyoung blew her top and roared out. Her scary aura managed to
momentarily shut Anna Croft up.

"Why should Kim Dokja save this world? Why should that bastard sacrifice
himself for such a stupid waste-of-time?\! Is this stinking world even worth
saving?\!"

Her voice was cracking up from anger. It was a voice belonging to someone who
had been suppressing her rage over and over again. The prophet looked at that
face, and listened to that voice, and recalled a story from her past.

"The 'Demon King of Salvation' also said the same thing once upon a time."

 Whether this world is worth protecting or not, one should wait and see
first.

Was it back during the Gourmet Association? The 'Demon King of Salvation' once
said that to her. Anna Croft knew very well what he meant back then.

This world was one being ruled by Dokkaebis and Constellations. She, too,
created 'Zarathustras' in order to change this world, after all.

Anna Croft raised her head and looked at the sky once more. Even as a prophet,
she couldn't tell if he was still asking that question of this world. However...

"He's over there right now."

Some Stories were to be proven not by words, but through one's actions.

"He has met you people in this world, has he not?"

For the first time ever, the three's expressions changed to something quite
similar to one another after hearing her.

Anna Croft continued on with a cautious tone of voice. "Please, have faith in
me, the prophet. We need to save up our strength, and then, aim for the moment
when the two Calamities fight each other and destroy themselves. Only then
will our survival be guaranteed."

"Prophet? You think you're the only one who can tell the future?"

That was when Anna Croft realized something.

Han Sooyoung's surrounding vicinity was overflowing with the Story of
\[Predictive Plagiarism\]. The Regressor Yoo Joonghyuk was studying and
observing the situation without rest through his \[Sage's Eye\] in the
meantime.

It wasn't only the prophet who could predict the future. These two also
possessed insight far superior to others when it came to reading future
events.

Even then, they still chose to save Kim Dokja.

Jung Heewon unsheathed her sword and spoke. "I don't know anything about the
future. However, I do know this. You said that you want to save this world?
It's the same for me, too."

Her determination manifested in the whitish flames billowing on the \[Sword of
Judgement\].

"That man is the world I wish to save."

At the end of those words, all three of them dashed into the air. Not the
Probability of the Giant Story, and not even the pressure from a Nebula could
stop them from leaving.

Anna Croft urgently reached out, but by then, they were already soaring
towards the distant heavens.

The thing that stopped them, though, was not a Nebula nor Probability.

Han Sooyoung was the first one to discover that 'thing'.

"What the hell?\! Son of a...\!"

Kugugugugu\!\!

The equilibrium of the heavens was collapsing under the continued battle of
the two Calamities. The new problem had to do with the crumbling balance of
the broken scale invading into this world.

\[Isn't that...?\]

One of the Constellations muttered out. Something hidden within the fog of
darkness blanketing the skies wiggled, and began separating itself.

Not content with pressuring the Apocalypse Dragon, the 'Indescribable
Distance', AKA the Nameless Mist, had begun creating a clone from itself.

"Ah, ahh, aaaah..."

A sickly-yellow eye of terror revealed itself among the fog of darkness. Shin
Yoosung's shoulders began trembling non-stop as if a nightmare of the past
managed to creep back into her consciousness.

She had seen that eye before. Incarnations who saw that eye would fail to hold
onto their minds and eventually, transform into creatures of the Outer World.

On that day, all existences of the \[Industrial Complex\] were rendered
completely powerless in front of that Calamity.

However, there was someone here who remembered that day's events quite
differently from her.

\[It's slightly smaller than that day, I see.\]

It was Cheok Jungyeong.


