### Chapter 200: Ep. 38 - Fake Revolutionary, II

Duke Syswitz' office. The demon earl Silocke was standing in front of it with
an anxious heart. It was because the earl 'Han' was guarding the office like a
gatekeeper.

'Han'.

No one knew what his real name was. Everyone just called him Han. He was an
'earl' like Silocke but he was a very unusual fellow. It was because he was in
touch with Asmodeus of the 32nd Demon Realm. Maybe Duke Syswitz kept him
around because he was aware of this fact.

Silocke felt inwardly strained and finally opened his mouth. "I have something
to say to the duke."

"Tell me. I will let him know."

"It is difficult."

"The duke is currently in an emergency meeting with the Gilobat envoy."

"When will it finish?"

"I don't know."

Silocke clicked his tongue. If he told this guy, Han would clearly take all
the credit. Thus, Silocke replied, "It's fine. It isn't urgent so I will
wait."

Han's eyebrows twitched at the words. Silocke liked seeing this expression.

'Son of a bitch, keep wondering'.

The information that Silocke reported was simple.

A civilian presumed to be a marquis of Gilobat has appeared in public.

Of course, it wasn't bad to say this but the more he thought about it, the
stranger things seemed. Silocke thought for a moment before staring closely at
the duke's office.

"Is a marquis from Gilobat inside there?"

"Yes."

"He must've come straight here without going anywhere else."

"That is the case."

Silocke felt delighted at the reply.

'Indeed, my guess is correct'.

He didn't know for certain but there shouldn't be two marquis in the Gilobat
delegation. A marquiS-grade should be the leader of the delegation. It was
very likely that the citizen he met wasn't a marquis of Gilobat and was
pretending to be a demon noble.

This alone was worth reporting. It might not be big but it would help with his
performance review.

Han saw the hesitating Silocke and opened his mouth. "Since you are wandering
around, you must also be wondering who the next demon king will be."

"Ah, well... That's right."

It was a misunderstanding but it wasn't a bad idea to ask about this
misunderstanding.

"Is it because of the rumours of the demon king emerging that the Gilobat
delegation came to visit?"

"I can't tell you more but it is similar."

"The story of the demon king, it is a bit funny... don't you think so?"

The source of the rumours was unknown yet these rumours shook the entire 73rd
Demon Realm.

Silocke inwardly found this situation laughable.

Syswitz.

Gilobat.

Melledon.

Bercan.

For the past few hundred years, the 73rd Demon Realm had been properly
balanced by these four dukes. The peace that had been maintained for hundreds
of years was now shaking because of a rumour. It was a story without any
realism.

However, Han didn't agree with Silocke's words. "The signs of the 'demon king'
are already appearing."

"What? How do you know that?"

"I heard that Vedas has joined hands with the Melledon Industrial Complex."

"Vedas?"

It was a name that Silocke was familiar with. No, it would be strange if he
didn't know it. It was one of the names that must be known in order to safely
live in the Star Stream.

Thus, Silocke couldn't help feeling astonished. "...The nebulae are moving
directly?"

"To be precise, one of the narrative-grade constellations from Vedas has been
in contact with Melledon."

The constellations and demon kings' enmity was famous in the Star Stream. Now
the constellations were interfering with the affairs of the 73rd Demon Realm.
The scale wasn't big but things would spiral out of control if it was really a
nebula.

"The nebulae are interested. Does this mean the demon king will really
appear...?"

Silocke muttered with a slightly dazed expression. This was a demon king.
Silocke had been living in the Demon Realm for a long time and it didn't
really sink in.

However, at least one thing was known.

"...This is why the duke is so busy."

"He is currently the closest person to becoming the demon king."

It was clear that one of the demon nobles would become the demon king. Look at
the cases of the other 72 demon kings. It was extremely rare for a non-demonic
existence to ascend to the throne.

Then there was a light warning sound from the Factory and a message came up.

\[A new main scenario has opened\!\]

\[The 24th 'Revolutionary Game' has begun.\]

Silocke was startled by the sudden message but he pretended to be calm when he
saw Han's surprised expression. Han asked first,

"What is this message about?"

"Oh, you don't know since you're new here. This sometimes happens. It is the
main scenario here. The Revolutionary Game."

"The Revolutionary Game?"

"He was probably caught by the executioner while hiding. He is an unlucky
person."

The Revolutionary Game starting meant that the hidden 'revolutionary' had
appeared. However, there couldn't be a revolutionary in this industrial
complex. Everyone clearly remembered what happened when the last revolutionary
appeared 30 years ago.

Silocke smiled and added, "Don't worry, it isn't a big deal. Wait a bit and
the executioner will take his neck. It will be a fun spectacle."

Still no matter how long he waited, the message announcing the end of the game
wasn't heard. He was just thinking that something was strong with a low grade
noble appeared.

Silocke immediately recognized who he was. It was because he was one of the
hidden executioners. He rushed towards the office and Silocke asked first.
"What is going on?"

"Someone has declared that they are a revolutionary\!"

Silocke knew it was a stupid question but he couldn't help wondering, "What?
Who?"

"It is a new revolutionary\!"

"Then what is his name?"

The low grade noble stuttered out a name. It was a name Silocke didn't know.
Unexpected, the bored looking Han opened his mouth. "Wait, what did you just
say?"

"Yes, it was definitely Yoo Joonghyuk..."

"He called himself Yoo Joonghyuk?"

Silocke hurriedly asked. "Do you know him?"

"I know."

Han's expression shone brightly but it was a somewhat warped smile. Even the
demon Silocke felt creeped out. Han asked, "Where did he show up?"

  

* * *

  

Night ended and I was called back to Aileen.

To be exact, I was almost dragged back.

The streets were almost completely turned upside down because of my
declaration.

A new revolutionary has appeared\!

The streets were loud with these words. If Aileen hadn't popped up and dragged
me away, I would still be sandwiched between the citizens. As Aileen was
unable to control her emotions, I checked the information of the hidden
scenario with a nonchalant mind.

\[Hidden Scenario - Fake Revolutionary\]

Category: Hidden

Difficulty level: SS

Clear Conditions: You have become a self-proclaimed revolutionary by
impersonating a revolutionary. Kill a real revolutionary within the given time
and take their position. Otherwise, it will be a terrible ending.

Time Limit: 30 days

Compensation: 150,000 coins, entering a new main scenario.

Failure: Death

I roughly knew how to get the main scenario. In any case, I had to find the
real revolutionary...

I glanced at Aileen and said, "Then let's get started."

"...Are you crazy?" Aileen asked with an absurd expression, "Do you know what
you are doing?"

"A revolution."

"What revolution without a revolutionary? You're a fake\!"

"Really?"

"There is no way... don't tell me...?"

She had a cute expression on her face. I shrugged lightly and Aileen's face
filled with despair. "Of course not\! What the hell are you doing? Now it is
all over\!"

I shamelessly replied, "This is what you wanted. A revolution and the death of
the duke."

"I didn't want it this way\! This is a scam\!"

"How is a real revolution a scam? I will make it real."

"A revolution isn't such a joke\!"

"I agree with you. I didn't declare that I am a revolutionary lightly. I agree
that this industrial complex should be liberated."

"The fact that you can say it so easily is proof that your will is light."

Aileen's voice contained deep rage. "Do you intend to do the revolution
alone?"

"..."

"I have seen many revolutions in this industrial complex. How many revolutions
have failed and how much blood has been shed? And..."

"Don't regard past failures as scriptures. There will be no change if you
don't do anything."

"It is a scenario you can't do in the first place\!"

I understood Aileen's feelings. In fact, the revolutionary scenario was a
famous one in the industrial complex. The only rebellion protocol allowed by
the scenario. Even so, the citizens of the industrial complex abandoned this
game a long time ago.

It was because there was no chance of winning. Thanks to this, the scenario
lost its value as a scenario.

Aileen continued, "This is why I've been relying on exiles. The duke can never
be killed using existing scenarios\! There is no way to win against the damn
executioners, let alone the duke\!"

"The scenario is made to be broken. There is a way to clear it if we look
carefully."

"People are going to die because of you."

"I won't let that happen."

"Then you'll be the first to die."

"I won't die. I didn't die before."

"This...\!" Aileen bit her lips. "That was just luck. Do you think the guardian
will protect you again?"

"Well, I think they will protect me."

"You don't know but the guardian will exhaust their vitality after using their
protection. Every time they use it, they lose vitality and will eventually
die. No one will protect you two or three times\!"

"The first time is the most important."

"..."

"Aileen, you know this place better than me but you don't understand the
people here."

Aileen was about to say something only to tightly close her lips for the first
time. Perhaps Aileen had also felt something.

The hidden guardian had appeared and protected me, a revolutionary. It was
probably a sight that Aileen hadn't seen for a long time. It was really a long
time.

Aileen licked her lips for a long time before speaking in a small voice. "Do
you really think it is possible?"

"It is possible. Haven't you seen enough of my skills?"

It would be possible. I would make the impossible possible. Aileen replied
with a sigh, "You aren't a real revolutionary."

"That's why I need your help."

Aileen's expression shook at my words.

"Let's make a revolution without a revolutionary."

Aileen made a decision and replied, "...You have to collect the positions. This
is a game that you can't win alone."

"I guess so."

"A guardian is the minimum condition for survival. You also need a 'fighter'
to deal with the executioner and a 'spy' to find the hidden executioners."

"Collect them one by one. Those positions won't be as far away as you think."

I didn't fret. The revolutionary declaration was already ringing so those in
charge of their positions would realize it one by one. They would have to
figure out what side to take in this damn game.

"I think one position has already been collected."

As soon as I spoke, the door of the meeting room opened with a bang. Jang
Hayoung was looking this way with wide eyes.

"That, Aileen..."

"What?"

"Someone is asking to enter..."

"I'm busy right now\! Send them away."

"That, it is a bit..."

"Why?"

"...A person claiming to be the guardian has come."

The surprised Aileen rose from her seat. Then behind Jang Hayoung, a middle-
aged man with a study build appeared.

"You... are you really the revolutionary?"

Surprisingly, it was a face I already knew.


