### Chapter 494: Ep. 94 - Beginning of the end, II

I thought that 'it' had finally happened when I became the Outer God King.

\[You have become the 'Enemy of the Story'.\]

This wouldn't be my first time experiencing the sensation of Story in my
entire body shattering into tiny little pieces. A similar thing happened back
when I was booted out of the scenario and fell in the 'story's horizon'.

If there was one thing different between then and now, it would be me not
getting expelled from the scenario even after becoming an altered existence.
No, it was the exact opposite.

\[You have become the boss monster of the last scenario.\]

\[You will be alone forever.\]

\[No one will understand you in this worldview.\]

I memorised the loneliness I felt in that moment. This feeling of being cast
away all alone in this universe. The feeling of becoming a monster that no one
could understand for all eternity.

However, this also wasn't my first time experiencing such a feeling either.

"I'm XX Time's reporter. Do you have some time to speak with me?"

"It's him. The son of the murderer."

That was why I needed to take up this role. Only I could perform it to its
fullest, after all. That was the price to pay for reading the story called
'Ways of Survival' to its conclusion.

Your companions will never understand your decision.

The 'Secretive Plotter' told me that as if he already knew what my plan was.
And I understood why he had no choice but to say those words.

"We'll find out later, won't we?"

Neither he nor I were wrong. Just that the Stories we compiled were different,
that's all.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!\!

The tsunami wave of Stories unfolded right before my eyes. And the blinding
sparks of Probability spread out above this wave. And on top of them all, the
gazes from the Constellations were streaming in.

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is watching your Story.\]

\[Constellation, 'Father of the Rich Night', is watching your Story.\]

\[Constellation, 'Mass Production Maker', is watching your Story.\]

...

This wasn't a gamble that I alone could realize. Me becoming an Outer God King
was merely the beginning of the final pages.

Yoo Joonghyuk fought hard, my companions held on bravely, and Han Sooyoung
gamely attracted the Constellations.

And the Constellations believing in us made their choices.

The plan was a success.

The 'Living Flame' that rises up from the east.

The 'Master of the Sunken Island', the calamity of the world in the west.

The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss', the ruler of the northern universe.

The 'King of the Silver Heart', the ruler of the interstellar space in the
south.

And finally, the 'Great Plotter' that crawls from the place of nothing.

The scenario's volume began expanding rapidly with the gathering of all five
'kings'. Historical-grade Constellations failed to deal with their combined
Statuses and began vomiting out Stories on their knees.

These kings had been excluded from the scenario until now. After escaping from
the reaches of the 'Hounds chasing after the Abyss' through the abundant
Probability, they had personally descended to the scenario.

The 'Secretive Plotter' was looking in my direction. I nodded my head in
return.

And now, it was time for their stage to open.

\[U-uwuuuuh-\!\]

Several terror-stricken Constellations forgot their stations and began hastily
running away. The 'Monarch of the Great Abyss' grabbed the nape of one of
those Constellations. The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon began laughing.

Now, now. You leaving so soon makes it a wee bit troublesome. It only just
began, after all.

He must've recovered some of his energy through the Probability's overflow. He
glanced at me and muttered out.

And you, don't get ahead of yourself. We didn't come here to help you out.

But then, the 'King of the Silver Heart' stood next to me and spoke up.

We came to aid you.

"I know. Thanks."

As expected, Lee Hyunsung remained a trustworthy person regardless of the
number of regressions he lived.

The 'Master of the Sunken Island', 999th turn's Lee Jihye, also made her move.
Narrative-grade Constellations hurriedly rushed in from both sides and tried
to block them somehow, but it was a waste of time.

\[T-the island, it's, it's moving-\!\]

From the front of the island covered in verdant moss, silvery cannons shone
brightly. The biggest warship in the world-line, the perfected \[Turtle
Dragon\], spat out flames towards the rest of the world.

Kwa-aaaaaah\!\!

The overwhelming spectacle of an entire corner of the battlefield being
blowing away without a trace caused me, Han Sooyoung, and even Yoo Joonghyuk
to become utterly dazed.

And at the furthest front of the battlefield, two 'Kings' were facing off
against the Myth-grade Constellations.

Two people who fought together a really long time ago were there.

The 999th turn's Uriel was wrapped around in the \[Hellfire\]'s corona. And
the other was Yoo Joonghyuk who had survived the 1863 hellscapes to eventually
become an 'Outer God'.

In that moment, Kim Dokja recalled a certain ancient battlefield.

It was from Yoo Joonghyuk's 999th turn.

Yoo Joonghyuk and Uriel entrusted their backs to each other and fought
together during the great war against Constellations. Yoo Joonghyuk, blind in
both eyes and roaring out, and Uriel protecting him  it was one of the scenes
that I loved the most from the entirety of the 'Ways of Survival'. And that
scene was being re-enacted right before my eyes.

\[Story, 'Battlefield of a Hero and Flame', is waking up from its prolonged
slumber\!\]

A Story that had disappeared a really long time ago was now connecting the two
kings.

...I shall leave <Olympus> to you.

The 999th turn's Uriel spread open her wings wide first. Just as she unleashed
her Status, Constellations pounced on her as if they were waiting for that
moment.

They were the top Constellations from <Papyrus> and <Vedas>, as well as some
other lower-ranked Constellations that fought against us in the 'Demon King
Selection'  the 'Last Pharaoh', and the 'Bird that Eats the Thunder'.

\[Story, 'Flame of Annihilation', has begun its storytelling\!\]

The moment the 999th turn's Uriel wielded her sword, the first lines of the
Historical-grade Constellations rushing in at her turned into powder and
scattered away. Incarnations with pale complexions hurriedly turned around to
run, while Narrative-grade Constellations shouted out venomously.

\[Stop that sword\! Stop her from swinging it, no matter what\!\!\]

Uriel's sword carved out a burning path, and the 'Secretive Plotter' ran on
it. It felt as if the history of the universe flowed within every step he
took. His steps seemed neither too fast nor too slow, yet no one dared to stop
him.

\[Story, 'Hell of Eternity', has begun its storytelling.\]

The most dreadful Story in all of the world-lines began telling its story.

\[Giant Story, 'Pilgrim of the Lonely Apocalypse', has begun its
storytelling.\]

Everywhere his foot landed resounded with the cries of a destroyed world. The
original sin of the worlds stuck to him like a shadow and continued to chase
after him.

No Constellation could stand in his way, and no Story could save him.

Didn't matter whether one was an enemy or an ally, as long as one was a
Constellation, one couldn't help but get seduced by his story.

When I abruptly regained my wits from that vast sorrow stained in wonderment,
he was already grabbing at Poseidon's neck.

The latter managed to recover himself in time as well, and hurriedly shoved
the 'Secretive Plotter's' hand away all the while unleashing his own Status.

\[Constellation, 'Spear that Draws the Borders in the Oceans', is greatly
enraged\!\]

<Olympus>'s Giant Story began making its move. Poseidon's \[Traiana\] bared
its fangs while enveloped in a powerful Story. This was the might of a Myth-
grade Constellation that anyone should quake in fear from.

However, I too was a Myth-grade now and I was perceiving his actions
differently.

Poseidon is terrified.

His spear uselessly cut through the air, and it was no longer as sharp as
before. It was a mistake unbecoming of an arrogant Constellation, and Zeus
next to him roared out in alarm.

However, it was too late by then.

Sliiiice\!

Something cut Poseidon's torso down, and on his chest covered in blue scales,
the lengthy and black wound could be seen. From this wound, Giant Stories
began flooding out nonstop.

\[Keo-heo-uhk...\!\]

Poseidon tried to press down on his chest while swinging his \[Traiana\] all
over the place.

The spear that drew the borders in the oceans  wherever his \[Traiana\] drew
a line, that place would become an ocean. However, such a thing didn't happen
this time. For the first time ever, the spear's blade that feared no one
couldn't find what to aim at and simply trembled helplessly.

The place where his ocean couldn't reach.

Both of Poseidon's eyes were soon dyed in the pitch-black abyss.

Most likely, he was watching the darkest Story known in this world right now.
The one about the outer space, where both the ground and the sky held no
meaning as effects of gravity didn't reach there. A complete devastation with
not one precious thing remaining after everything was destroyed.

And the master of that devastation was looking up at the <Olympus>'s
constellations.

Doesn't matter which world-line it is, you don't seem to change at all.

He didn't sound sad. If anything, he sounded relieved, actually.

Along with the cold metallic noise, the blades of the \[Splitting the Sky
Sword\] extended out to the night sky.

\[Shut your mouth-\!\!\]

Poseidon managed to beat back the fear and hurriedly swung his \[Traiana\]
once more, But in that exact moment, the \[Splitting the Sky Sword\] also made
its move, as well.

I remembered seeing Yoo Joonghyuk use a similar skill to that once before. It
was a skill to cut down the stars designed by a Transcendent who had surpassed
his own limit through incredible dedication and hard work.

However, something felt different. That attack, as if...

As if, it was a sword technique created so that one man could face off
against the entire world.

Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.

Transcending the Inner Mysteries.

The Universe Slash.

Only then did it hit home. The power the 'Secretive Plotter' displayed back
then, during the battle of Journey to the West, was only a portion of what
he could produce.

This sword trajectory was the most beautiful I had ever seen.

His blade caused the world to split apart.

Kwa-dudududu\!

The sword strike cracked apart a nebula in its entirety and scattered stardust
away. And at the end of that magic-like rays of light was Poseidon. Along with
'puh-ga-gak\!' noise, his arm and leg got cut off simultaneously.

\[Poseidon\!\!\]

Zeus freaked out and shouted loudly.

Stories exploding forth from the 'Secretive Plotter' were swallowing up the
battlefield. The emptiness he felt while living through the scenarios was
expanding.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

Poseidon vomited out Stories and fell on his knees, prompting the <Olympus>'s
12 gods to rush in. Ares and Hephaistus roared out and swung their sword and
hammer. Unfortunately for them, however, they were smacked away by the
\[Splitting the Sky Sword\]'s blade like a bunch of children.

Zeus yelled out in pure anger.

\[Oh, the great schemer\! Do not get too full of yourself\! You haven't even
witnessed a fragment of the myth that created <Olympus> yet\!\]

Even as he was saying that, Zeus's figure was beating a hasty retreat.

It was so obvious  the ark was waiting in the direction he was heading to.

\[Father\!\]

The <Olympus>'s Constellations abandoned by him spewed out Stories from their
whole bodies as the Nameless Ones gnawed on them. Dionysus carried a resentful
expression as he roared in anger towards his father.

I quietly stared at those Constellations before speaking to Han Sooyoung and
Yoo Joonghyuk. "We need to stop Zeus."

Inside of the ark Zeus headed to was filled with sleeping Giant Stories not
just belonging to <Olympus> but countless other myths, as well. If we let him
be, this scenario would become disadvantageous for us once more.

We quickly began running with everything we had on the stage currently covered
in Stories from the dead stars and gods.

Han Sooyoung, meanwhile, muttered in a puzzled voice.

"By the way, that guy..."

After cutting Poseidon down, the 'Secretive Plotter' was just standing around,
dazedly looking up in a certain direction. I shifted my head towards where he
was staring at.

The reason why he didn't chase after Zeus was simple. From the beginning, his
purpose wasn't the annihilation of <Olympus> nor the destruction of the ark
itself.

No, what he stared at was a certain something located much, much further away.

The Final Wall.

Endless pages were flipping within his eyes as if he was utterly determined to
see what was beyond that thing this time.

\[<Star Stream>'s Probability is experiencing a rapid change\!\]

Great Dokkaebis began shouting out at the unexpected distortion of the
Probability.

\[Hang on\! This, this is...\!\]

\[Oh, the 'Oldest Dream', this...\!\]

\[Due to the <Star Stream>'s rapid change, the scenario content has been
revised\!\]

\[Clear condition for the applicable scenario will change depending on the
camp you have chosen to side with.\]

I confirmed the revised scenario detail.

<Main Scenario \#99 - >

For the first time ever, the title of the main scenario was gone.

A scenario that had never happened before.

A scenario that not even the Great Dokkaebis heard of had begun.

Type: Main

Difficulty: ???

Clear condition: Please destroy the ark and put a stop to Great Dokkaebis'
plan.

I heard the freaked-out voices of the Great Dokkaebis next. With this, they
were about to pay the price for giving up on being the 'storytellers' to
become characters in this world.

Also, the facade surrounding us began changing, as well. As if, the world had
finally permitted our existence.

"It's you...\!"

The clearly-astonished Asuka Ren was looking at me. It seemed that even she
could now see my true appearance, at least faintly.

As the sparks wildly danced about, the creatures of fear and disgust, 'Outer
Gods' were revealing their true appearances. They were no longer the beings
outside of the scenario.

\[The absolute majority of the Constellations are watching your Story.\]

The scenario we had created was now being officially birthed into this world.

\['Oldest Dream' is now looking at your existence.\]

Quite likely, the 'Secretive Plotter' also heard these messages. More
specifically, the messages popping up before my eyes.

Reward: Final Wall


