### Chapter 137: Ep. 27 - Unreadable, I

Nirvana was astonished by his mental attack bouncing off the Fourth Wall and
then he was hit by the Purest Sword Force.

"What the hell is this...?"

"I didn't do anything. It is the power of the story."

"What?"

I didn't believe in the doctrines of the Salvation Church but there was one
thing I agreed with. "You said that strength and weakness is determined by the
story."

A high health warrior would just be food to a magician if they didn't have any
magic defense skills. Strength and weaknesses were determined by the history
of the characters.

"It is your fault that you didn't get any close combat skills in this life.
All because you wanted to aim at Yoo Joonghyuk's weakness."

I never thought things would be resolved this way. Something influenced
Nirvana's growth path and he became the counter for Yoo Joonghyuk. However,
since Nirvana became Yoo Joonghyuk's counter, he could never win against me.

Nirvana's eyes shook as he read something in my tone. He stared at me quietly
and said, "I know your name. Kim Dokja."

"We are talking about names? Okay, Nirvana Moebius. Do you want to have a
heart to heart talk?"

The light of the mandala turned off. A reincarnator wasn't a reincarnator for
nothing. As if a switch was turned on, the agitated Nirvana disappeared and
the Nirvana who regained his composure was in front of me.

"Some nebulae warned me to be careful of you. Of course, I didn't know what to
expect."

Some nebulae... I was certainly drawing attention.

Nirvana asked me, "How did you get such a strong mental barrier? The only
person who hasn't been infected with my thoughts until now was Anna Croft."

I smiled bitterly at the familiar name. That woman had already touched the
reincarnator. It wasn't strange. Anna Croft would've already started
contacting the strongest players in the world. In order to save the world,
that woman would even sell souls to the devil.

Nirvana read something in my face and said, "You... know the prophet. What the
hell are you? Are you a regressor? Or..."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is interested in the story.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is quietly contemplating the
situation.\]

The information filtering should've gradually started being removed.
Information about regressors and reincarnators would start to enter the ears
of the constellations. I'm sure those of the great nebulae should already know
about it.

Nirvana looked at me and kept talking. "This is an interesting rebirth. I have
lived for over a hundred years yet I am curious about you..."

"You talk too much. It will be hard for you to get Yoo Joonghyuk in the
future."

"Ahaha\! I will accept you as a follower."

\[A constellation who recites the Buddhist scriptures is wondering about
you.\]

It was a proposal I would've readily accepted earlier. However... "I
respectfully decline. Among those who are supporting me, there is one who
hates your sponsor."

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' reveals hostility to
Nirvana Moebius's sponsor.\]

Nirvana's mouth slightly opened. "The monkey king? Why is he chasing you?"

"I don't know."

"...I have become even more curious. Come under me along with Yoo Joonghyuk."

"I don't want to."

"Aren't you curious about the secrets of this world? I can help you survive
even after the end of this world. It has nothing to do with the failure of the
scenarios."

The words were persuasive. If I wasn't a 'reader' then I might've accepted it.

"I'll allow you to become one with me\!"

Behind Nirvana's back, the mandala started to shine again. Hundreds of faces
appeared on the slowly rotating mandala. The pained faces screamed. All of
them were 'one' with Nirvana.

I exclaimed, "Shut up you pervert."

"If you don't agree then I'll have to force you."

Nirvana's face was still relaxed despite the unfavourable situation. In any
case, the opponent was a reincarnator. He had lived countless lives and had a
much better combat sense than me. As time passed, my movements would start to
be read by him and I would fall into a disadvantage.

If so, the answer was to win the fight before that happened. A white energy
swirled around the mandala. I didn't hesitate and rushed towards the mandala.

\[The exclusive skill 'Miniaturization Lv. 1 is activated\!\]

\[The effect of Miniaturization will decrease the size of your body.\]

My body became very small and the blow from the mandala missed. Nirvana
laughed. "...What is this petty trick?"

Was it really a petty trick?

\[Due to the effects of Miniaturization, all your equipment will be
transformed to fit your size.\]

\[The skill level is low and the duration is shortened.\]

\[The duration of Miniaturization is two minutes.\]

This was why I chose Miniaturization over all the other good skills. It was
because only Miniaturization could make me the most powerful person I knew.

"I will choose the fifth bookmark, Kyrgios Rodgraim."

\[Your current body configuration is similar to the physical makeup of the
character.\]

\[The level of the character is too high to fully reproduce the skill level.

\[The level of the skill being activated is forcibly adjusted.\]

The white lightning energy swelled and nestled in my heart. It was the power
to break the sky and cause thunder. Beyond the mighty lightning, I could see
Nirvana's pale face.

I wondered, "Do you still see this as a petty trick?"

No matter how strong Nirvana was, he couldn't surpass Kyrgios's power at this
moment.

\[The exclusive skill 'Electrification Lv. 10' is activated.\]

Intense lightning appeared all over my body and clouds of lightning started to
gather at my fists. If I couldn't take advantage of the reincarnator then it
was better to get rid of him here.

I stretched out my fist towards Nirvana. "Pray to be born human again."

The lightning storm exploded towards Nirvana's side. Nirvana screamed terribly
and I heard the incarnations shouting. The level of Miniaturization was low so
there wasn't as much power compared to when I dealt with Orochi, but it was
still tremendous damage.

A cloud of dust appeared and Nirvana was blown away with a large hole in his
side.

...He was alive? How could that be?

"Kieeeeeeek\!"

Blood poured from his mouth. It seemed to be a serious blow but I wasn't
satisfied. It was strange. He couldn't survive this attack, even if he was a
reincarnator.

Then I could see lotus petals growing on his body. I thought I knew what was
going on. I thought this stigma wasn't possible because of the probability?
This bastard, don't tell me?

"Using my memories in a mere place like this..."

A grim voice was heard. I looked at the sparks around the petals and knew how
he had survived.

\[Story Payment.\]

He borrowed the power of his sponsor in exchange for his story.

"...I will see you again."

His body was covered in a large lotus leaf. I rushed towards him. My fist hit
his chest but Nirvana was laughing with a distorted face.

"You will pay for going against the 'present'. It will be in the most terrible
manner."

Starting from the center of the chest that I hit, his body started turning
into lotus leaves. I stretched out my hand and tried to grab onto the left arm
of the disappearing person.

"Just wait\!"

The next moment, Nirvana disappeared, leaving only his torn off left arm and
flying lotus leaves.

\[The character 'Nirvana Moebius' has used the stigma Non-possession Lv. 7.\]

Non-possession. It was a stigma where he abandoned some of his memories in
exchange for escaping from danger. He paid using the memories of his
reincarnations and escaped me.

"L-Leader\!"

"Leader-nim\! Where did you go?"

The Salvation members were collapsing. Some were already running away. Others
saw their leader being defeated by me and the mental shock was huge.

I sighed as I watched the Salvation members retreating. Smoke emerged from my
body and Miniaturization and Bookmark were released at the same time. My
overworked muscles were crying out in pain. I didn't manage to kill Nirvana
but there were some harvests.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' can't hide his joy at
your victory.\]

\[10,000 coins have been sponsored.\]

The incarnations who saw my victory looked at each other incredulously.

"The Salvation leader lost\!"

"Who is that incarnation?"

"Wait a minute, that face, that...\!"

Someone pointing me and shouted, "The ugliest king\!"

I ignored them and found Yoo Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk was released from his
paralysis and could be seen stumbling in the distance. This sunfish bastard,
he didn't help when it was important.

"Hey, are you okay?"

Yoo Joonghyuk held his head like he had a headache and asked, "The
reincarnator?"

"He fled."

"Pathetic. Did you miss him?"

"Do you have the right to say something like that?"

Yoo Joonghyuk's expression was serious. "We have to quickly chase him. His
purpose isn't to clear the scenario."

"I know that."

"If you know then how could you let him leave? If you don't catch the
reincarnator before the 10th scenario ends, Seoul will..."

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' belatedly regained her
spirit.\]

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' wants to explain why she came
here.\]

At Uriel's words, Yoo Joonghyuk and I looked up at the air simultaneously.

\[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' needs your help.\]

It was difficult to grasp the exact context due to the limitations of the
indirect messages but it wasn't difficult to guess what happened.

Uriel was Jung Heewon's sponsor. Uriel, who was supposed to be with Jung
Heewon, came all the way here and contact with Jung Heewon was broken. This
meant...

"Min Jiwon-ssi. Do you know where Jung Heewon-ssi is?"

However, Min Jiwon was still unconscious. This wouldn't work.

"Yoo Joonghyuk, defend me."

"What?"

I immediately closed my eyes and focused. I had become quite familiar with it
after all the practice while sleeping. There was the feeling of my body
sinking to the ground and darkness was everywhere.

I felt a shallow sleep and immediately used Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint. I
needed to find a voice. I was looking for a voice.

However, the voice was missing. I became increasingly uneasy. I told them to
think about me when something happened... was there a problem.

'Dokja-ssi'.

For the first time, someone called me. My vision distorted and Third Person's
Viewpoint was triggered. I groaned at what I saw on the screen.

 Hwaruruk\! 

The entire screen filled with white flames. It was the stigma of judgement
that burned everything in the world. I didn't have to ask. This was definitely
Jung Heewon's Hell Flames Ignition.

It was fortunate. Jung Heewon was still alive. By the way... it was strange.
This wasn't Jung Heewon's viewpoint? After a while, I saw the lotus patten
shin on Jung Heewon's forehead within the flames.

...Damn, Nirvana already got to her. Well, Yoo Joonghyuk was hit by it. It would
be weird if Jung Heewon wasn't affected. However, a question still remained.
Who called me?

 Jung Heewon-ssi?" 

It was an unsophisticated soldier's voice. It was Lee Hyunsung.

 Kukukuku\! 

There was a loud sound and the screen vibrated. The surrounding incarnations
were blown away. Everywhere touched by the flames started burning. It was a
location where I couldn't help immediately.

In any case, there would definitely be consequences. Jung Heewon was affected
by Thought Infection and wouldn't hesitate. The innocent Lee Hyunsung was
helplessly exposed in front of her blade.

Damn, what should I do?

"Cough\!"

Suddenly, the darkness burst and the screen was broken. I opened my eyes with
a strong sense of nausea and saw Yoo Joonghyuk's angry expression.

"Why are you going to sleep now?"

Saliva ran down my mouth and I felt incredibly sick. That jerk, did he hit me
to wake me up?

...Wait a minute, hit? I gained sudden enlightenment. Yes, this was it. I hated
it but it couldn't be helped.

I spoke to Yoo Joonghyuk. "Hey, hit me one more time. A really strong one."

"...What?"

They were misleading words. Then I had to say it again. "No, kill me now."


