### Chapter 440: Ep. 83 - Dokja's Incarnation, II

The sounds of explosions spread out from the center of the battlefield. The
surrounding atmosphere was going through a change.

Ranks of Yogoes were rushing over there and <Emperor>'s Constellations
continued to descend.

Fei Hu's eyes chased after those ranks before shifting back to the enemy
blocking his path. "...You're truly strong. Are there more Incarnations like you
in Korea?"

Jung Heewon's whole body was riddled with wounds. However, her Status remained
firm and unaffected, while her will to fight burned brightly.

He looked down at his sliced-off chest and waist, the wounds inflicted by her
Steelsword.

He wasn't fighting alone; currently, both Erlang Shen and Prince Nezha were
aiding him, plus he was receiving support from his Nebula, as well. Even then,
he had failed to defeat a single Incarnation from another Story chamber that
entered the scenario as a mere 'Bull Demon King'.

"Stop yapping and just come at me."

Fei Hu stared into Jung Heewon's blazing eyes and slowly shook his head. "The
mere fact that we had to fight so bitterly against a single opponent already
signifies our loss."

As if he was no longer interested in fighting her anymore, he sheathed his
weapon and looked at the distant sky.

"And more importantly, the true battlefield doesn't seem to be here."

As those words came to an end, Fei Hu flung himself in the direction of the
'sacred texts', along with Erlang Shen and Prince Nezha.

Jung Heewon was about to hurriedly chase after them, but then, a battleship
suddenly summoned onto the river took them away at a rapid pace.

\[Activation of 'Hour of Judgement' has ended.\]

...That was a really close call.

If the fight continued on for a little bit longer, she would've lost for sure.
As expected of Fei Hu. He wasn't a direct Incarnation of the <Emperor> for
nothing, it seemed.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is worriedly scanning the center
of the battlefield.\]

Wings of an Archangel grew on Jung Heewon's shoulders. She began half-running
and half-flying on the water.

"...Just what is going on here?"

Several skirmishes were unfolding all around her and she couldn't tell where
she should go first.

Lee Jihye, battling against <Emperor>'s fleet. Yoo Joonghyuk, fighting against
the 28 Mansions Constellations. Lee Gilyoung, dealing with the Lords of Nine
Stars...

Dozens upon dozens of \[Great Holes\] had opened up in the sky and the Outer
Gods crossing over had all transformed into Yogoes to battle the
Constellations.

And in the center of it all...

"Yoosung-ah\!"

A young girl was reaching out towards a star.

  

* * *

  

Shin Yoosung studied <Emperor>'s Constellations rushing at her.

\[Nebula <Emperor>'s Twelve Star Lords are descending\!\]

\[Nebula <Emperor>'s Dragon Kings of the Four Seas are descending\!\]

\(One by one, Sun Wukong's sworn enemies were gathering.\)

\[It's not over yet\!\]

\[It's fine as long as Tang Sanzang doesn't touch the 'sacred texts'\!\]

\[Divide the army. One side shall retrieve the texts, while the others will
suppress their Sanzang\!\]

She grabbed tightly onto the Chimera Dragon's mane, currently in its Jade
Dragon form. The main attack force of <Emperor> was now taking aim at her.

Kim Dokja, meanwhile, was still too far from her.

\[<Emperor>'s Twelve Star Lords are baring their Statuses\!\]

Ka-booooom\!

Light exploded before her eyes.

The Chimera Dragon protected her by wrapping around her body. Choking heat
penetrated into her entire figure. The second and third explosions went off
one after the other and the Dragon screeched out loudly. Shin Yoosung gritted
her teeth and leapt up by stepping on her mount's back.

\[Your Sponsor's blessing is influencing you.\]

\[Your stunning talent has blossomed\!\]

\[You have comprehended the 'Way of the Wind' on your own\!\]

She didn't know how this was possible but still, Yoosung ran on the river's
surface. The blessing of \[Way of the Wind\] was exploding out from the tips
of her feet, and golden ripples spread out everywhere they landed.

Shin Yoosung ran as Kim Dokja had.

This was the same method that her Sponsor used to run.

A mixture of blades and spears pounced on her from the surroundings.

Three from the left, one from right.

Two more, from below.

She evaded them all by a hair's breadth. However, the more she dodged, the
more vicious the attacks became. Hundreds of sharp blades rained down like a
dangerous storm. It was a spectacle akin to a monster opening its maw wide to
bare hundreds of fangs at her.

And as she found herself right in front of such a monster, Shin Yoosung pulled
out a dagger from her inner pocket.

Shin Yoosung analysed the situation like Yoo Joonghyuk.

There was something she learned from Yoo Joonghyuk some time ago.

\[Story, 'Supreme King's Disciple', has begun its storytelling\!\]

"In the future, you shall become the 'Beast Lord'. Countless monstrous beings
will cower before your feet and serve you."

"However, that does not mean you can become friends with every monster out
there."

During Kim Dokja's three-year absence, Yoo Joonghyuk taught her how to hunt.

Ways to face off against large monsters. Ways to hunt monsters with sturdy
outer shells. And even ways to kill monsters that were hard to fight against
in close quarters.

"If you must kill, then do not hesitate and end its life."

"If you don't, the one dying will be you."

The moment she held her breath, she spotted a gap between the blades.

It was the calm eye of the raging storm.

She unleashed all of her Status and threw the dagger in that gap.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa\!

Waves of winds scattered away and the blades flying in at her fanned out away
from her.

Unfortunately, she couldn't evade every single weapon; a blade's edge brushed
past her small figure. Blood spluttered out from her shoulder.

Shin Yoosung crouched as Lee Hyunsung would.

She crouched and, while hiding behind one of the floating debris, Lee
Hyunsung's face flitted in and out of her mind.

"This is how you hide, you see? Don't forget to always memorise the location
of all the covers in your vicinity, okay?"

Ahjussi, moving his bear-like huge body and assuming a crawling position with
a troubled smile on his face. And then, Jung Heewon's voice, adding one more
thing on top of what Lee Hyunsung had said.

"It's possible that you won't find a place to hide if there are too many
enemies around."

"Mm, you're right."

The powers of the Dragon Kings of the Four Seas were currently controlling the
river.

Sharp spears made out of water aimed at Shin Yoosung's body and rushed in.
Debris continued to explode one after the other, and there was no more place
left to hide behind on the river's surface now.

"When that happens, you should use your enemies, instead. Like this."

Han Sooyoung spoke as she grabbed and lifted the head of the crouching Lee
Hyunsung. Jung Heewon was shooting a glare at her, while Lee Gilyoung was
cackling away.

Shin Yoosung recalled all those memories and grabbed one of the Incarnations
attacking her to use as a shield.

"W-what are you... Kuwaaahk?\!"

Shin Yoosung became as cold-hearted as Han Sooyoung.

She discarded the Incarnation Body riddled with grisly holes and continued to
run forward.

\[She's a pretty smart kid.\]

\[Do not let her get away\!\]

The distance to Kim Dokja had closed up quite a bit.

"Ahjussi\!"

Kim Dokja's figure stopped as if he heard her call.

As she looked into his empty eyes, Shin Yoosung recalled what Yoo Sangah told
her in the past.

"I'm sorry that the world is like this."

She could see her companions gathering around one by one.

"I'm sorry that you got hurt like this. I'm sorry that you had to rely on
powerless adults like us. Even if that's case, I'll promise you one thing.
We'll always be by your side. We'll do our best so that you don't get to use
these types of skills."

Shin Yoosung remembered those words well.

"To make sure that you don't forget who you are."

Slice\!

A long spear brushed past her cheek. She unconsciously touched there as blood
trickled down. No one was around to help her. Neither Yoo Joonghyuk's back
that protected his companions, nor Jung Heewon's sword that she could always
rely on, were here.

A lengthy arm used the moment that she had lowered her guard and grabbed her
collar. <Emperor>'s Twelve Star Lords were getting closer and closer.

\[...Didn't expect her to be a real kid.\]

\[They let a child play such an important role?\]

The Status of <Emperor> that defied all attempts to resist pressured her
entire frame.

In any other normal circumstances, she'd never be able to fight against these
enemies. Running away was the obvious route to take, and seeking help from her
companions was the best she could do.

But, Shin Yoosung didn't try to run away.

\[Condensed Story has caused an abnormal event\!\]

She slowly blinked and opened her eyes. Her heart previously pounding away
like crazy suddenly grew calm. A cold glint flickered in her eyes next.

\[Incarnation, 'Shin Yoosung's', Attribute evolution is imminent.\]

\[You have found the opportunity to evolve your Attribute\!\]

"I'm not just a little child."

\[...What did you say?\]

Shin Yoosung grabbed the Star Lord's left arm. The powerful grip emanating
from the child's hand caused the Constellation's arm to tremble.

"My name is Shin Yoosung."

\[You have acquired a legendary Attribute.\]

\[You have become the 'Beast Lord'.\]

"Shin Yoosung, from <Kim Dokja's Company>."

A Status as white as snow ran amok on the surface of the river. As the Star
Lords screamed and backed away, a girl wearing a white coat made an appearance
before their shocked eyes.

\[Beast King's Sensitivity\].

It was the greatest defensive skill of the 'Beast Lord' deployed by Shin
Yoosung from the 41st turn.

The surrounding river water overflowed and every Yogoe, as well as monsters
submerged under it, leapt out at once.

Gu-ooohhhhhh\!

As if they wanted to pay respect to their 'king'.

\[Son of a... Where did these things come from...?\!\]

\[Attack\! Kill these beasts first\!\]

<Emperor>'s Constellations began their bombardment. But a rising tide of
monsters protected her.

"Chimera Dragon\!"

Gu-aaaaahhh\!

Affected by her Attribute, the \[Chimera Dragon\]'s body had grown even
bigger. The creature swam in the water like an Imoogi and swallowed up the
Star Lords while screeching out loudly. Constellations being torn apart by the
sharp fangs cried out.

\[You stinking lizard...\!\]

Shin Yoosung disregarded those Constellations and ran forward.

\[OhOhOhOhOhOhOh\]

\[YoosungYoosungYoosungYoosungYoosung\]

Yogoes created a clear path for her.

And now, the star was literally right before her nose.

"Ahjussi\!"

She shouted at Kim Dokja. However, he showed no signs of movement as if her
voice didn't reach him.

It was then she heard the Wenny King's laughter resound out as it battled the
Great Dokkaebis. \[It's too late. He now belongs to the 'Great Plotter'.\]

Those words seemed to be the trigger; the heavens above powerfully shook right
away.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

A \[Great Hole\] boasting a size so immense that others couldn't even be
compared to was slowly revealing itself.

Great Yogoes on the river's surface simultaneously lowered themselves. All the
fur on the white coat of the \[Beast King's Sensitivity\] rose up like fuzzy
hair.

She could sense it without anyone telling her. The one descending right now,
it was an existence far surpassing all the Constellations of the <Emperor>
Nebula.

And Kim Dokja was now that creature's possession.

"I won't allow that."

\[Tang Sanzang has recited the 'Constrictive Sutra'\!\]

The moment Shin Yoosung activated the skill, the golden headband on Kim
Dokja's head began emitting bright light.

\[Item, 'Constrictive Headband', is reacting\!\]

The Constrictive Headband was a treasure to control Sun Wukong.

Didn't matter whether it was an Yogoe transformation or not, every change
taking place in Sun Wukong would come to a halt when the Sutra was being
recited.

\[What foolishness...\!\]

The Wenny King's Status bore down on Shin Yoosung's whole body. She tasted
blood in the deepest part of her mouth. The coat created through \[Beast
King's Sensitivity\] flapped around crazily. She staggered on her feet as she
walked closer to Kim Dokja. One step closer, and yet one more step.

She saw his messed-up face, his gaunt cheeks. Her Sponsor, his eyes quietly
closed.

"Ahjussi\!"

\[A brand new Story is sprouting in you.\]

She still had so many things to tell him.

She'd tell him about that stuff that saddened her.

And also tell him that ahjussi looked terrible right now.

For the first time ever, she'd earnestly tell him everything.

"Please, please listen to my voice\!"

She'd tell him that she wanted everyone to stop by at a PC Bang.

She'd pester him to buy her pizza and Cola and have a picnic by the Han River.
And while talking about her impossible wishes in a world where many things
have become impossible to enjoy...

...She'd become happy again.

Her vision quaked and tears streamed down without rest.

Finally, her hand touched the ends of Kim Dokja's fingertips.

One hand covered in scars wrapped around yet another, also covered in wounds.
It hurt as wounds rubbed against each other. Even then, Shin Yoosung didn't
let go of that hand.

\[Quasi Myth-grade Story, 'Saviour of a Star', has been acquired\!\]

\[Story, 'Saviour of a Star', has begun its storytelling.\]

"I still have too many things I haven't told you yet\!"

Like, when she was studying history with Sangah unni.

Or, when she was cooking the hunted game with Joonghyuk ahjussi.

Back when she learned how to wield a sword from Heewon unni.

And when she practised riding a skateboard with Jihye unni.

Also, when Hyunsung ahjussi lifted her up and carried her around like an
aeroplane...

When she ate ice cream with Lee Gilyoung and read a manhwa, knowing that the
follow-up volume would never be released...

"I, really..."

If only ahjussi was also in those memories.

"So many things..."

'I'm not wishing for many things'  she simply couldn't say those words.

Because the world's Probability and this screwed-up <Star Stream> didn't allow
that.

"I just wanted to be normal..."

The stars in the sky were moving quickly.

Individual heavenly bodies sang their own Stories and looked at her.

\[Many audience members are looking at you.\]

Actually, she understood it already.

She knew that the ordinary happiness of an ordinary person in this world would
not be able to attract any interest whatsoever.

And that was why that ordinary happiness...

...Was the greatest luxury in a ruined world.

Even then...

\[Audience members are paying the cost to reveal their Modifiers.\]

\[Constellation, 'Queen of the Darkest Spring', is...\]

\[Constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', is...\]

Even then, if someone was willing to hear her story...

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is...\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is...\]

\[Constellation, 'Goryeo's First Sword', is...

As the indirect messages continued to pour in, Shin Yoosung held Kim Dokja's
hand even tighter.

It was precisely at that moment that a certain indirect message landed in her
ear.

\[Judge, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', has heard your story.\]

Warmth began returning to Kim Dokja's hand.

A blinding torrent of golden rays shot out from Sun Wukong's headband, and
that was followed up by a raging storm of Probability's powerful sparks.

Constellations of <Emperor> shouted in their great astonishment.

\[C-could it be?? But that doesn't make sense...\!\]

From several places in the sky, lightning-bolt-like rays gathered towards Kim
Dokja's figure.

\[Judge, 'Bimawen', has heard your story.\]

\(And in that moment.\)

\(Something that had never happened before in the history of 'Journey to the
West' finally happened.\)

\[Judge, 'Meihouwang', has heard your story.\]

\(The retired Sun Wukong has finally turned over a new leaf.\)

\[Judge, 'Dou-zhan-sheng-fo \(Victorious Fighting Buddha\)', wishes to hear
your next story.\]


