### Chapter 411: Ep. 78 - Twist/, III

During her adventures on the 'Isle of Reincarnators', Jang Hayoung utilised
the \[Unidentifiable Wall\] several times; she used its first-stage function,
\[Chat System\], to engage Constellations in conversation.

 Demon King of Salvation-nim.

 ...Why are you calling me like that?

From a certain moment on, she even got to talk to Kim Dokja as if nothing had
happened, too.

For a while there, she oh-so-wanted to deny that 'Demon King of Salvation =
Kim Dokja' and ended up having a mental breakdown, but she had no choice but
to come to terms with it now.

The 'Demon King of Salvation' Jang Hayoung liked so much happened to be Kim
Dokja, and the dimwit Kim Dokja was none other than the 'Demon King of
Salvation'. She barely managed to accept that fact now. Of course, she hadn't
100% accepted it, though.

 I was talking to 'Demon King of Salvation'-nim. So, Kim Dokja should keep
his mouth shut.

 ...

 It can't be helped, then. Don't say anything unnecessary, and just gimme the
answers I want.

 ...What kind of answers are they?

Now that he openly asked her that, the sorrow she'd been suppressing until now
exploded onto the surface.

 Why don't you want me to join the 'Kim Dokja's Company'?

She always wanted to ask him that question. She watched her companions use
'Context of Constellation' and get to the next scenario, and was left behind
along with the teachers at the rear of the scenario. She did want to go with
them. She thought that it'd been nice if she could become one of those shining
stars, too.

Is it because I lack the qualifications?

Maybe, it's because I haven't been with Kim Dokja from the beginning of the
scenarios.

Jang Hayoung remembered the times they shared during the revolution of the
Demon Realm as well as the Demon King Selection fights. For the first time in
her life, she experienced bliss during those moments, and now, they had become
an indelible part of her.

And that was why, she thought that she too had become Kim Dokja's companion
now. But, maybe, she was simply deluding herself.

 I'd like you to live a free life.

Jang Hayoung's anger suddenly bubbled up after hearing his reply. She wanted
to shout back and ask, what kind of bullshit was that after they had come this
far. But then...

 Forcibly being transferred to another dimension and living in the Demon
Realm, neither of those were your choices, right?

She couldn't argue with that. As if her breathing had come to a standstill,
all she could do now was to read the incoming messages.

 Hayoung-ah, please live the life you want.

Those words were coming from the 'Demon King of Salvation'. Words of a high
and mighty Constellation, who was addicted to the Story of saving someone and
periodically disregarded his own life.

That was why these words were not from Jang Hayoung's friend, 'Kim Dokja'.

His voice can't be heard anymore.

The 'Unidentifiable Wall' spoke to her. Even with the wall that allowed her to
talk to any being in this world in an instant, she couldn't hear Kim Dokja's
voice.

He resolutely remained as the 'Demon King of Salvation', just like what she
asked of him.

"Come on now. What do you want from me when you say stuff like that?"

That was why... she wanted to hear Kim Dokja's voice.

\['Unidentifiable Wall', is bearing its own name\!\]

That was why, Jang Hayoung was standing in this place.

\['Unidentifiable Wall' is evolving into the 'Wall of Impossible
Communication'\!\]

\[2nd stage functionality of 'Wall of Impossible Communication' is now
available\!\]

She unlocked the power of her new wall, persuaded all the Constellations that
could aide <Kim Dokja's Company>, and brought them to this place.

All for the sake of the life she wanted to live, and not for anyone else.

Tsu-chuchuchut\!\!

The stupefied faces of the <Kim Dokja's Company> members could be seen looking
back at her. Jang Hayoung shouted out, as the sensation of the Status filling
her head made her consciousness dimmer and dimmer. "All of you, wake up and
get a move on\! I can't stay like this for long\!"

She shouted, her mind submerging deeper and deeper. The presence of a
Constellation was taking over her entire Incarnation Body.

\['Wall of Impossible Communication' is currently activating 'Impossible
Longing Lv.1'\!\]

The 'Impossible Longing'  an ability of the 'Wall of Impossible
Communication' that allowed Jang Hayoung to form a temporary 'Sponsorship
Contract' with a Constellation, even though she had no sponsor backing.

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is looking at his
Incarnation Body.\]

The 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband'  the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal, Sun
Wukong. According to Kim Dokja, one of the greatest Constellations in the
<Star Stream> itself.

That great and noble Constellation scanned the world with his aloof, arrogant
eyes, and spoke in a lofty tone of voice. \[Now that I'm here, it's kind of
annoying.\]

Jang Hayoung became dumbfounded by that and yelled out.

"Ah?\! But, you said you'd help\! And I even listened to your personal
troubles, too\! So, hurry up\! Please\!"

From her perspective, she couldn't help but be flabbergasted by this
situation, but it wasn't as if she couldn't understand why the Great Sage,
Heaven's Equal said that. For some reason, his condition after incarnating
into her body felt strange.

Ju-jujujut...

It was as if several different beings temporarily had become 'one' creature,
and his status felt unstable as a result. That 'annoyance' he talked about
might have something to do with that condition. However, that was his problem,
not hers.

"If you don't keep your promise, then your hair will..."

\[I'm doing it\! Look, I'm doing it\!\]

Sun Wukong replied in a voice full of dissatisfaction and grasped the Ruyi
Bang. The Status leaking out from his body caused several Constellations to
display their interest.

\[Great Sage, it'll be a suicide trying to send them back. Even if it's you...\]

\[And who you might be?\]

\[...I'm Cheok Jungyeong.\]

As if to resist the Great Sage's Status, Cheok Jungyeong opened his chest
wide. The former wordlessly studied the emotions etched in the latter's eyes,
before throwing a question out. \[Hey, you. Do you know who this Master Sun
is, then?\]

Cheok Jungyeong needed a moment or two before realizing that this 'Master Sun'
was the way the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal referred to himself as.

\[I'm well aware that you used to be a famous Constellation in the past. Even
then...\]

\[Well, yeah, sure. It's been way too long since this great me did something
in a scenario, hasn't it?\]

Sun Wukong yawned disinterestedly and after shrinking the size of the Ruyi
Bang, he began digging his ear. Cheok Jungyeong was about to blow his top from
that arrogance, but then...

\[Constellation, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is unleashing his
Status\!\]

Not just Cheok Jungyeong, but the Incarnation Bodies of other Constellations
near him were blown away in the air. His eyes opened wide in shock after
sensing the powerful presence that could make other Constellations shrink away
by simply releasing its Status.

\[Look, the sparks...\!\]

One of the suffering Constellations cried out in pain. Jung Hayoung's body
with the Great Sage incarnated into it was now completely enveloped with an
insane amount of sparks. It was not an odd thing to see Probability's sparks
appear when Constellations unleash their Statuses.

The actual problem here was the fact that this area was currently going
through the 89th scenario. In an area that could deal with most types of
Probability, such a blinding show of sparks taking place meant...

\[Now, look.\]

The sides of the Eight Trigram, the Bagua, began spreading on all four
cardinal directions of the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal.

Geon \(, Heaven/Firmament\), Tae \(, Lake/Marsh\), Yee \(, Heart of Fire\),
Jin \(, Thunder\), Son \(, Wind\), Gam \(, Water\), Gan \(, Mountain\),
Gon \(, Ground/Earth\).

Those letters energetically spun around his Ruyi Jingu Bang \(\) and
emitted swirling golden light rays. The clones of the 'Indescribable Distance'
detected that vigorous aura and began flooding towards him.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut\!

The Probability's sparks were the precursor to the approaching storm of
aftermaths. As if they were pouncing on a tasty prey, the clones of the
'Indescribable Distance' opened their maws all at once towards the Great Sage.
There were a total of five, six of them.

Never mind Narrative-grade Constellations, even a Myth-grade would find it
difficult to deal with this many.

However, the Great Sage didn't back down.

The moment those vast fogs of darkness enveloped him, his entire figure
suddenly lit up in the brightest golden rays of light. And then, his Ruyi
Jingu Bang began piercing through the open-mawed fogs along with the vicious
whirlwind.

Ku-dudududu...\!

Not once did the 'Indescribable Distance' get damaged after getting struck by
a lone Star Relic until now. But then, the spinning wheels created by the Ruyi
Jingu Bang increased in number to hundreds in an instant and began pounding on
the clones, and quite shockingly, horrifying screeches resounded out from the
fogs.

Gu-rurururuk...\!\!

On top of that, one of the clones even tried to dodge the Ruyi Jingu Bang.

Every Constellation in the battlefield couldn't take their eyes off from the
Great Sage's Status as he dyed the sky in a spectacular shower of light and
fought against the 'Indescribable Distance'.

That included Dionysus, Surya, and Cheok Jungyeong.

\[It's a technique of 'Chaos'.\]

Hades immediately and accurately read the seditious power permeating within
the Ruyi Jingu Bang held by the Great Sage. That power was neither 'Good' nor
'Evil'.

It was a distinct Taoist technique that only the Great Sage, who had compiled
unique Stories for himself, could use.

The Mei Houwang. \(, Handsome Monkey King\)

The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal. \(\)

The Victorious Fighting Buddha. \(\)

The 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', Sun Wukong, who continued to exist
under many different names, was fighting now.

And he was engaged in a one-versus-many battle against the calamities of the
void, something that even Cheok Jungyeong could only barely defeat by giving
his all.

As if they didn't want to lose to him, two Constellations decided to pitch in
right then.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', is wringing out all of her true
powers\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is roaring out as if he doesn't
want to lose\!\]

These two's Statuses were being overlaid on top of the Great Sage's. The
\[Black Flame\] from the Dragon and Uriel's \[Hellfire\] were combined into
one and caused the Riyu Jingu Bang to grow to an abnormal size.

\[Story forgotten under a lengthy period of time has begun its storytelling.\]

And so, stars of Good, Evil, and Neutral have gathered in one place.

Three kinds of Statuses were combined to cause an explosion of a blinding
flash.

Go-ooooooh\!

The Riyu Jingu Bang, now boasting tremendous girth, slammed into the sky. The
heaven and earth rocked violently, and the enormous shockwave distorted time
and space itself.

By the time the screaming Constellations opened their eyes again, a huge hole
had opened up in the sky once covered in the fog of darkness.

The Great Sage spoke. \[Now, go.\]

Three people didn't miss that opening and made their move. Yoo Joonghyuk used
\[Air Steps\] to run in the air, Han Sooyoung rode on the shadow clone of the
Black Flame Dragon while Jung Heewon borrowed the wings of the Archangel to
shoot up vertically.

All three of them penetrated past the fog of darkness and breached the
boundary of the sky in an instant.

The moment they escaped the atmosphere, though, their movements dulled
rapidly. The cosmic space created by the clashes between the 'Indescribable
Distance' and the 'Final Dragon of the Book of Revelation' was filled up with
an astonishing amount of Stories chaotically swirling around.

"Keuph..."

Blood trickled out from the corner of Han Sooyoung's lips at the unbelievable
density of Stories. Just sensing their presence alone was so painful that her
body felt like it'd crumble away.

Kim Dokja was somewhere in this space. Not too long afterwards, they located
his trace, scattered around like bread crumbs.

Only by doing this will I be able to earn the proper Climax.

A broken fragment of Kim Dokja was floating aimlessly in the empty space. Jung
Heewon was the first one to reach out; as if she was catching a very small and
fragile bird, she cautiously brought that fragment into her bosom.

Was she mistaken in thinking that she saw the distant world Kim Dokja wanted
to reach just beyond the full stop of that sentence?

After catching that sentence, and then, another one... Just like crossing a
monkey bar, by continuously moving one step at a time, they would arrive at
the end of this trail.

Han Sooyoung spoke. "I guess you're also a Constellation now, Kim Dokja."

All Constellations were addicted to Stories, and in order to reach that single
Story they pursued after, they indulged themselves on every other type of
Story available.

And that was why they didn't have a true substitute of themselves. Because
they had to create all Stories by their own hands in the end.

My companions will acquire a Story that should allow them to oppose any
Nebula out there.

Even if that Story was meant for other people.

"God damn it, since when did I ask you for this kind of story??"

The clones of the 'Indescribable Distance' discovered the trio and rushed
towards their location.

Han Sooyoung shot \[Black Flame\] out from her hand, while Jung Heewon's
\[Sword of Judgement\] activated \[Hellfire\]; Yoo Joonghyuk's \[Breaking the
Sky Swordsmanship\] sliced through the space and opened up the path for them.

Normally, they shouldn't have been able to fight against this calamity. The
only reason why they could was because of the star existing at the end of that
path.

\[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is still activating Stigma,
'Sacrificial Will Lv.9'\!\]

The 'Sacrificial Will'  a deadly Stigma that raised the combat capabilities
of one's companions by risking one's life.

After being strengthened by that starlight, Yoo Joonghyuk swung his sword,
Jung Heewon unleashed more Hellfire, and Han Sooyoung continued to punch over
and over again.

And eventually, they began sensing the faint presence of Kim Dokja. Like the
breathing of a dying man, his weakened Stories were telling them of his
current location.

Tsu-chuchuchut...\!

Suddenly, Uriel's and the Black Flame Dragon's Status began dwindling rapidly.
They had finally reached their limit, in other words.

\[Constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is issuing a warning\!\]

\[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', says that he needs to use the
bathroom and it'll be harder to use his powers...\]

They finally spotted a pale, faint star on the far side of the thick fog of
darkness. Yoo Joonghyuk and Han Sooyoung both saw it. It felt so desperately
within reach, if only they could extend their hands out.

Unfortunately, the path to that star was fraught with much danger. The number
of clones rushing in continued to grow, and the pressure of the Statuses
surrounding them was getting heavier quite quickly.

All three no longer had much magical energy left in them as they had been
flying like a one-way rocket with total disregard for fuel preservation.

Ku-gugugugu\!

The distance towards the clones was getting shorter and shorter.

If all three of them marched forward by breaking through all these clones,
then never mind saving Kim Dokja, they wouldn't be able to return at all.

However, what if they focused the remaining magical energy into only one
person?

"...There's only one way."

All three of them stared at each other at the same time. They couldn't rescue
Kim Dokja together.

Which meant that only one among them could reach that star.


