### Chapter 269: Ep. 50 - Dokja's Story, VI

\[Baat\! Baaat\! Baaaaat\!\]

My cheeks hurt.

\[

Baaaaat\!\]

There was a bit more pain. I felt something violently shaking in my arms. I
opened my eyes at the exact moment the earth let out a tremendous ringing
sound. I reflexively raised my head and could see brilliant flashes of light.
The sparks of probability in the sky were falling like lightning strikes all
over the Demon Realm.

"Dokja-ssi?"

I woke up the moment I heard Yoo Sangah's voice. Like a disconnected current
being reconnected, thoughts started to flow through my head.

There were broken incarnation bodies everywhere. No matter how I looked, this
wasn't the Mythical Battlefield. All the fallen bodies were living human
beings. The industrial complex being torn apart by the Thunder Eating Bird
could be seen.

"Did the constellations come?"

Yoo Sangah, who was about to say something, wiped her bloody cheeks and
nodded. "...Yes."

A system message was floating in the air while the party members were in
tatters.

"The winner still hasn't been announced."

It was a situation I expected thanks to the last message of Yoo Joonghyuk in
the library. However, I didn't expect the situation to be so serious.

"Kuk..."

Lee Hyunsung suffered a serious injury on his side and staggered. I quickly
got off Lee Hyunsung's back and bought a few recovery items from the Dokkaebi
Bag.

I gave the Great Return Pill to Lee Hyunsung and Yoo Sangah, who were the most
seriously injured. Shin Yoosung had no wounds but her magic power was
depleted, so I gave her an advanced magic power recovery medicine. Trauma
medicine was given to Han Myungoh, Breaking the Sky Master and Jang Hayoung.
It cost over 400,000 coins but now wasn't the time to worry about that.

"Ahjussi..."

Shin Yoosung drank the potion and looked up at me while leaning against the
rock. I looked at Shin Yoosung for a moment before saying, "You should rest
here. By the way..."

In a distance place, the deafening roar of the constellations was shaking the
earth. I could tell the number exceeded 12 just by the 'status'. At this
moment, I had an ominous feeling.

...The constellations were gathered so how could the party members flee to here?

"Yoo Joonghyuk..."

None of the party members answered. I looked around the battlefield as an
explosion occurred. Everyone except for Yoo Joonghyuk was here. In addition,
someone was fighting the constellations.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is shaking faintly.\]

"That stupid bastard..."

"Ahjussi\! No\!" Shin Yoosung clung to my waist when I tried to run forward.
"Ahjussi will die. You'll die there."

She was an always straightforward and brave child. Fear was deeply permeated
in the child's eyes. Shin Yoosung burst into tears as I pulled away from her.
In the saturated battlefield, the tears scattered like dust. Perhaps this
child had seen it. It was the fear of a giant story that humans could never
overcome.

"Please take care of Yoosung."

I left Shin Yoosung to Jang Hayoung who was in a good condition and activated
Way of the Wind. I heard a voice calling out to me from behind but had no time
to turn around.

I moved forward and the pressure of the 'status' bursting from the center of
the battlefield became stronger. It was a fearsome storm of magic that I had
never experienced before. The center definitely contained Yoo Joonghyuk.

 Kim Dokja thought: Is there a way? 

The pages of Ways of Survival flashed in my head.

It isn't possible. 

That method is too unreasonable. 

I bit my lips. I predicted that this situation might happen. However, the time
passed too quickly and I had been asleep for too long.

I was late. Yoo Joonghyuk was still far away and the wind wasn't on my side. I
could buy a new skill from the Dokkaebi Bag but I can't guarantee its
utilization.

In the end, I made a decision.

"I will invest three million coins into my strength, physique, agility and
magic power."

\[Your total stats have grown abnormally\!\]

\[The coins you invested have allowed you to cross the stats limit of the
scenario.\]

\[A fuller probability will release some of the stat constraints for this
scenario.\]

\[The growth of the stats value compared to the invested coins will be
randomly adjusted.\]

A tremendous amount of sparks jumped from my body. It felt like my muscles
were tearing and growing bigger. There was the feeling of my bone density
changing and a terrible pain came over me.

"Cough..."

I had put it off until now due to the poor cost to value ratio but there was
no other way.

\[Your mind can't cope with your evolving incarnation body.\]

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is activated\!\]

\[Your incarnation body is evolving to a new level\!\]

Since the early scenarios, the 'overall stats' didn't have a big influence on
combat. It was because stories, stigmas and skills had much more influence.

In addition, since the number of coins per level after level 100 was
exponentially larger, it was more advantageous to buy a skill using the same
amount of coins. Now the situation was different.

\[All your stats have exceeded 200\!\]

\[Your incarnation body can handle a bigger 'status'.\]

I needed a strong body, not a powerful skill.

\[Your agility has reduced the air resistance.\]

\[Magic power is opening up the blocked bloodstream.\]

A huge amount of coins was transforming my incarnation body.

\[Your strength is causing an explosive change\!\]

The frequency of my footsteps and the speed at which the landscape passed in
my vision changed drastically.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

Of course, it was impossible to surpass the constellations or transcendents.
Still, it was enough to confront them for a while.

\[Many constellations are envying your incarnation body.\]

I crossed the wilderness at a tremendous speed and the center of the
battlefield finally entered my eyes. At the center, I could see a dying
person.

"You idiot\! What are you doing?"

In front of Surya's radiant light, Yoo Joonghyuk was dying. I didn't know
where his left arm had gone and steam was rising from his charred body. Even
so, Yoo Joonghyuk was gripping the Black Heavenly Demon Sword without moving
an inch. Yoo Joonghyuk's head moved slowly towards me. His voice wasn't heard,
as if he had no strength to open his lips.

\[The 'Fourth Wall' is greatly shaken.\]

The words of the Mass Production Maker came to mind. The constellations were
also just part of this great story. They were also lonely and had to do these
things.

...Bullshit.

\[Get lost\!\]

The Founder of Humanity stood in front of me and wielded the Primitive Spear.

\[The exclusive skill 'Electrification' Lv. 12 \(+2\) has been activated.\]

White lightning exploded from my fist and the battlefield filled with a blue
light.

\[Kuaaack\!\]

The confused constellations supported the thrown back Manu and raised their
status. The magic power poured towards me like a tsunami. My strengthened body
withstood the mighty power of the constellations.

The flesh of my fist cracked and blood flowed down but it was still bearable.
The constellations blinked as the dust settled down. They didn't know I had
this much power and were shocked.

\[Stop him\!\]

A blue-white energy flew towards the constellations. In an instant, there were
abrasions on my back and thighs as well as a long stab in my side.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

My cry didn't reach him properly. Yoo Joonghyuk had fallen to his knees and
his life was now flickering. No magic power could be felt from him. Yoo
Joonghyuk was dying.

I held my breath and then shouted with the greatest true voice possible.
\[Asmodeus\!\]

The true voice burst out and the constellations blocked their ears for a
moment. The historical-grade constellations couldn't stop and tears poured
from my eyes. I shouted again.

\[If you are a demon king, keep your promise\!\]

The situation was so big that I didn't expect much. He was a shrewd guy and
should know how dangerous it was to take my side right now. However, it was
Asmodeus...

As if waiting, one star in the sky flashed. There was a storm coming in and
something was descending.

\[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' has appeared in this world\!\]

A tremendous probability was flowing and a colossal presence was manifesting
before my eyes as an incarnation body. A little girl surrounded by a dark aura
raised her head.

It was the king of the Demon Realm who immediately subdued the transcendent
Yoo Joonghyuk. Later, he would join one of the worst organizations in the
world, the 'Seekers of the End'.

\[D-Demon king\!\]

The 32nd demon king, Asmodeus started running wild.

\[Ahahahahaha\!\]

He laughed and a huge rake appeared at the fingers of the demon king.
Asmodeus' 'Bloody Grip' scraped through the area and tore at the
constellations.

\[Kuaaaack\!\]

\[The mad demon king\!\]

\[What the hell is this?\]

The constellations turned their gaze towards me and I triggered Way of the
Wind to snatch Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Chase him\!\]

The constellations started running but my strengthened incarnation body was a
bit faster than them. I ran with all my strength while carrying Yoo Joonghyuk
on my shoulder. "Wake up please."

Yoo Joonghyuk was barely breathing. The weight of his body was lighter than
usual. He had suffered such severe pain that even the skeleton of his body
seemed changed. I listened to his gradually fading heart beat and cried out,
"Hey, don't mess around\! You can recover\! Do something\!"

However, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't move. I called out to Biyoo and bought a few
more Great Return Pills. My left hand supported his body while my right hand
poured the pills into Yoo Joonghyuk's mouth.

No effect was visible. He didn't have the strength to swallow it. His
breathing slowed and became distant. The tips of Yoo Joonghyuk's toes were
breaking and his body was disappearing.

I used Way of the Wind to wrap around the debris and prevent them from
escaping. Even so, I couldn't prevent the dim light from emerging from his
heart.

I was well aware of this phenomenon. I had read the scene a few hundred times
and had to know what it was.

 Yoo Joonghyuk had a thought. 

"Don't think about it."

 This life ends here. 

"Dammit\! Don't think about it\!"

Story fragments were falling from Yoo Joonghyuk's cheeks. I was scared of this
story and slapped his cheek before crying out to the air.

"Shit\! Don't go back\! You jerk, leave him alone\!"

\[The sponsor of incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is looking at you.\]

"You can still survive\! This round isn't over\! You can fight back against
this guy\! I can save you\!"

Yoo Joonghyuk's sponsor was silent. This guy always did the same thing. He
watched Yoo Joonghyuk suffering from death. He placed the soul of a hopelessly
broken man back into the world line of the past.

\[The stigma 'Regression Lv. 3' has been activated\!\]

It was cruel. Was this really how it ended? How did I get here? Would Yoo
Joonghyuk really die here?

Then a single line emerged.

\[Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is looking at his sponsor.\]

"...Yoo Joonghyuk?"

Yoo Joonghyuk, who became so ragged that his shape couldn't be recognized,
stared at his sponsor with a single bloody eye. Sparks appeared around his
disappearing body.

\[Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is resisting his sponsor.\]

\[All of the stories of incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' is resisting death.\]

This was something I had never seen in any round.

\[The incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has refused to regress.\]


