### Chapter 322: Ep. 61 - Gigantomachia, II

\[...Pick me up? Why?\]

"I need you."

Kim Namwoon stared at me like I was speaking nonsense. Speaking of which, I
felt strange. I also didn't expect that I would say this.

I recalled Kim Namwoon of the 1863rd round. A man with white hair who liked
Lee Jihye and had a good relationship with his colleagues. The guy who was
immature, didn't care for his surroundings and was deeply self-absorbed.

 Kim Namwoon is an evil person. There is no changing this fact. 

I saw Kim Namwoon's possibilities but my prejudice against him hadn't
completely reversed. I decided to use Kim Namwoon because of a conversation
with the 1863rd round Han Sooyoung.

You won't be able to reach the 95th scenario with that mindset.

Han Sooyoung, Yoo Joonghyuk and I were different. However, if we agreed on one
thing, it was that every story pursued a moment of efficiency.

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' is interested in your choice.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is interested in Incarnation
'Kim Namwoon'.\]

I didn't see Uriel's message so she must be busy teaching Jung Heewon. If she
knew I was here then Jung Heewon would be furious again. I was glad she was
left in Eden.

Kim Namwoon opened his mouth. \[I don't want to. Why should I help you?\]

I thought he would say this. "You don't have to if you don't want. Let's go,
Yoo Joonghyuk."

I approached the cerberus with Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[What? Where are you going?\]

"Downstairs."

\[Ahaha, are you joking? Now Yellowy is staring at you\!\]

As if to prove it, the half-dozing cerberus raised its head and bared its
teeth at us. At this time, Yoo Joonghyuk used the Breaking the Sky
Swordsmanship. Previously, it would be hard to deal with the cerberus on the
first underground floor but now it was different.

"...You aren't gentle at all."

"There is no time to waste here."

The cerberus was hit by the blow and collapsed on the ground with its tongue
lolling out. The prisoners were surprised by the violence and alarms rang out
everywhere. Normally the judges would run over but there was a tacit agreement
with Hades. We would be safe for the time being.

We walked past the collapsed cerberus and down towards the second underground
floor.

\[Crazy... crazy guy\!\] Kim Namwoon's baffled voice was heard.

Yoo Joonghyuk glanced at me.

...Are you just leaving? The giant soldier is useful.

Just watch.

We started down the circular staircase towards the second underground floor.
The end of the circular staircase wasn't in sight. According to legend, the
depths of Tartarus was so great that a dropped anvil fell for a long time.

\[Wait, I'll come along\!\]

Kim Namwoon hurriedly followed after us. The body of the giant soldier was
reduced to around two meters. Pluto was a giant soldier that could scale to
fit the user's convenience.

I teasingly asked him, "Why are you following us when you said you didn't want
to help?"

\[That... I'm a bit bored.\]

The smiling mouth couldn't hide his feelings.

\[By the way, what are you going to do? Where are you going? Huh?\]

"I'm going to meet the giants."

\[What?\]

Kim Namwoon made a blank expression for a moment before shouting, \[Kuhat...
uhahaha\! Hey, subway grasshopper\! I saw it at the time but you are really
crazy. Do you know what the giants are?\]

Of course, I knew.

\[Once you meet those , a hole will be punched through your  in a
moment...\]

\[The prisoner filtering is activated\!\]

\[The contents have been filtered to ensure the correct language usage in
Tartarus.\]

\[Prisoner 'Kim Namwoon' has received one penalty point.\]

\[This sh\!\]

\[Prisoner 'Kim Namwoon' has received two penalty points.\] Even if I didn't
hear Kim Namwoon's curses, I knew what the giants were.

The giants. A race that dominated in the early days of Olympus. There was a
dizzying roar and I involuntarily stopped. Down in the distance, the giants
had already noticed our existence and were reacting. It was only some of the
'status' but it was enough to cause goosebumps.

\[Crazy. This is crazy...\]

I ignored Kim Namwoon's words and called out to Biyoo. Then Biyoo popped out
from my chest.

\[Baat?\]

"Is the channel well controlled?"

\[Baaat\!\]

"Since all broadcasts of the Underworld are off the record, only let the
constellations who have vowed not to reveal the information into the channel."

Biyoo nodded and started to manipulate the channel. Some of the constellations
complained but now was the right time to do this. The less exposure there was
from now on, the better it would be.

Not long after, some constellations sent messages.

\[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is grumbling and accepts
the agreement.\]

\[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' isn't satisfied but agrees to
make a pledge.\]

\[The constellation 'Secretive Plotter' says he already made a vow.\]

I watched the pouring messages and Kim Namwoon expressed his admiration.

\[Wow, this channel...\]

Kim Namwoon died before even choosing his sponsor so he might be surprised by
the indirect messages of the constellations. All the way down the stairs, Kim
Namwoon continued to talk loudly.

\[By the way, the Underworld King sent you all the way down here? That ahjussi
is really stern.\]

"...Shut up. Open your mouth one more time and I'll cut it off."

\[What? Do you want to fight? You want to play?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk's gaze towards Kim Namwoon was complicated. Yoo Joonghyuk
already knew Kim Namwoon. In the last round, Kim Namwoon was also Yoo
Joonghyuk's companion.

"Yoo Joonghyuk. Don't waste power here. Don't you know?"

Kim Namwoon smacked his lips when he saw Yoo Joonghyuk raising his sword. He
looked like a child as he breathed with excitement. A child who hadn't
received attention for a long time and was alone.

In response to my question about why she used Kim Namwoon, Han Sooyoung of the
1863rd round replied:

No one is born a bad person from the beginning. It is all set up by the
writer. The writer gave the

narrative to be a bad person. I didn't like this.

I also agreed with Han Sooyoung's words to some extent. However, Kim Namwoon
of this world pressed the wrong button first. He instigated the worst crime by
inciting the people on the subway.

\[My heart is pounding. It is the first time I've felt like this since my
father and mother abandoned me.\]

"What do you feel?"

\[It feels like a new adventure is waiting for me.\]

Obviously, Kim Namwoon was created. Should I blame the writer of Ways of
Survival? Or should I blame myself for not stopping Kim Namwoon properly at
the time?

I opened my smartphone and a new message was floating.

\[The 'fourth revision' update is currently in progress.\]

...I knew it would update soon. There were many things going on that it would be
strange if this was quiet. As I headed downstairs, I opened Ways of Survival
and read the necessary parts. It was best to read Ways of Survival when my
mind became uneasy.

 Kim Dokja thought: The third round I am living no longer resembles any of
the original rounds. 

Still, I might be able to find a similar part. There were many scenes about
the Underworld in the original Ways of Survival.

The 47th round, the 211th round, the 397th round... there were many. However,
the Underworld had never appeared at 'this point' in those rounds.

 We have to gather all the information available. 

 We can't win Gigantomachia if we don't persuade the giants. 

There were remnants of Olympus throughout the pages of Ways of Survival. The
sea was parted with a single gesture. Trampling on transcendents and
constellations. The 12 gods of Olympus brutally destroying planets. Once I
left here, I would have to face them head on.

Many pieces of information passed through my head regarding things that could
be used and things that couldn't be used.

"Kim Dokja."

"What is it?"

Yoo Joonghyuk gazed at me quietly before speaking in a low voice. "It's
nothing."

What was with this bastard? Suddenly speaking out of the blue. I immediately
used Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint and was exposed to Yoo Joonghyuk's
thoughts.

 You don't seem confident. 

I felt like I had been stabbed. Maybe I showed my feelings on my face more
than I thought. I deliberately opened my mouth and spoke in a loud voice.

"There are two things I need to get in the Underworld. "One is the giant god's
armour and the other is the giant god's oath."

"...Neither will be easy."

"I guess so."

"The harder it is, the better the rewards."

I smiled while listening to Yoo Joonghyuk's words. Not long after, the
entrance to the second floor of the Underworld appeared. As expected, the
cerberus was guarding it. It was bigger than the one on the first floor. The
moment Yoo Joonghyuk pulled out his sword, Kim Namwoon cried out.

\[Wait\! Don't hit Yellowy\!\]

"Get out of the way. There is no time."

Kim Namwoon stroked the cerberus and spoke. \[I know the location of the track
elevator that the judges use.\]

The track elevator. There were clearly such things in Tartarus. A hidden
transport mechanism that only the judges could use. However, the exact
location of the elevator wasn't explained in Ways of Survival.

I asked doubtfully, "How do you know that?"

\[I've been sneaking downstairs with it.\]

"How many floors?"

\[The 77th floor.\]

I was startled. The 77th floor gained the gateway to the lowest floor.

\[Follow me. It's this way.\]

Kim Namwoon walked forward confidently and Yoo Joonghyuk and I glanced at each
other.

Surprisingly, this guy was helpful.

...As expected, I should've kept him alive? No, this time he was helpful after
dying so I did a good job of killing him.

  

* * *

  

The track elevator was really fast. The second underground floor, the third,
the fourth underground floor... the elevator descended in an instant and along
the way, we could see the terrible scenes of Tartarus. The prisoners attacked
each other and the demons in the terrible brimstone fire shouted at us.

"Newcomers\!"

"Hey\! What are you staring at? Lower your eyes\!"

Among the laughing prisoners, transcendents could be seen. They had committed
crimes in Olympus' legal zone like me or were held captive due to the 12 gods.
Some of them would become food at the Gourmet Association's dining table.

Then the elevator stopped and we got off at the 77th underground floor. The
77th floor was a prisoner-free floor. A space reminiscent of a large, hollow
cavity and its width couldn't be measured. The center of the space contained a
generously sized door.

\[There is no Yellowy on the 78th floor. They are useless.\]

A cerberus couldn't stop a giant. It might be possible for a campe.

Kim Namwoon hesitated before stating. \[...I've never been there before. I put
my hand into it previously but this was what happened.\]

I looked at the scar left on the shoulder of the giant soldier. It was almost
healed now but the damage seemed enough to tear off the arm.

It wasn't perfect but Pluto was a terrible weapon capable of exerting power
equivalent to a narrative-grade constellation when there wasn't a passenger on
board. Yet this weapon received such damage.

I approached the door. The door was over 30 meters in height and there was a
pattern similar to a human face.

Yoo Joonghyuk said, "There must be an offering to enter."

Kim Namwoon was surprised by Yoo Joonghyuk's words. \[How do you know that?\]

I ignored Kim Namwoon and replied, "I know. I'm ready."

"If your offering is too powerful, you will call the ancient giants."

"I'll have to meet them eventually."

"...Not now. We will die if we meet them now" There was tension in the
expression of the prideful Yoo Joonghyuk.

There were different types of giants in Tartarus. One type was the rulers of
Olympus who caused Titanomachy, the ancient giants called the titans. The
other type was the gigantes who caused Gigantomachia. If I had to divide them
by levels, it was the difference between a myth-grade constellation and a
narrative-grade constellation. The ones I dared to call were the gigantes.

"Don't worry. A titan-grade giant won't emerge unless there is a high-grade
item among the star relics..."

At this moment, an earthquake occurred.

\[The configuration of Tartarus is becoming unstable\!\]

The moment I realized something was wrong, the door suddenly opened and a huge
hand grabbed Yoo Joonghyuk.

"Yoo Joonghyuk\!"

I reached out for Yoo Joonghyuk as two more hands emerged from inside the
door. I hurriedly dodged using Electrification but Kim Namwoon wasn't lucky.

\[Uwaaaack\! Save me\!\]

The next moment, more than 10 hands covered me. My body became a mess in the
closed space created by the hands and by the time I came to my senses, I was
hanging upside down in the air. My shaky vision could see the huge hand that
grabbed me.

\[The exclusive skill 'Fourth Wall' is strongly activated\!\]

Sparks bounced and the 'status' was so full that it filled the surroundings. I
felt like my existence could burst apart at any moment. A huge, blunt finger
was tapping my ass.

\[There is a cute fly.\]

A huge eye resembling the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint stared at me.


