### Chapter 549: Epilogue 5 - The Eternity and Epilogue, IV

Yoo Joonghyuk dreamed a particular dream. It was about the time he
participated in the 'Journey to the West scenario' with the rest of the <Kim
Dokja's Company> members. In the dream, he was running on top of the Tongtian
River's surface. He could see the figures of Jung Heewon, Yoo Sangah, Lee
Hyunsung and Shin Yoosung running next to him.

Notnotnotnotnotnotnot

Yogoes were screaming out their death throes repeatedly.

His memories grew clearer and clearer. Right, they were participating in the
Journey to the West in order to rescue Kim Dokja.

But then... where was Kim Dokja?

Tsu-chuchuchu...

...What a pathetic sight this is. With only this much, you actually dared to
come out to the 'outside of the story'?

A voice could be heard coming from somewhere.

I was wondering why dangerous Story ripples could be detected in the
vicinity, but... He was the cause, then.

What are we going to do, captain?

We decided not to interfere anymore, right? Are you really going to help
him?

Voices that were familiar, yet also quite foreign to him.

Was this a part of his memories? Who could have said those words?

Suddenly, the front of his eyes seemed to get darker, only to reveal a pitch-
black shadow standing there and blocking the light. An Outer God stood in the
middle of the dim shadows. Even without consciously realizing it, Yoo
Joonghyuk began emitting fighting intent.

Right. He did fight against this bastard back then, too. The other him who had
witnessed the world's end after living through 1863 regressions  the
'Secretive Plotter'.

Even before Yoo Joonghyuk could use a skill, though  the 'Secretive Plotter'
spoke up first.

Did you really think the end of a regressor will be that easy?

The Tongtian River was upturned. Yogoes rising up from every corner of the
river's surface pounced on Yoo Joonghyuk. The discarded stories clung onto his
body all at the same time. The forgotten Stories were being sucked into his
mouth and nose. He gradually sank beneath the water as the head-wrecking pain
swallowed him up.

Do not forget. We aren't even permitted the luxury of death.

With that true voice as the signal, his view was flipped around. Yoo Joonghyuk
woke up heavily panting as if he was vomiting out the river's water. Yogoes
that clung onto him in the dream were nowhere to be seen now, having
disappeared to somewhere unknown. However, someone else's presence could be
felt, instead.

\[Whew. You really shocked me there, making me think you were dead and all.\]

A clear, gentle voice greeted him. Yoo Joonghyuk shook his still-dizzy head. A
blurry figure was before his eyes. A warm, caring aura emitted from this
silhouette gently wrapped around his entire body.

...Was he still dreaming?

His vision recovered gradually, and the face of the blurry figure could
finally be seen. Yoo Joonghyuk hurriedly rubbed his eyes without even
realizing it. Was he hallucinating, instead? This young girl's external
appearance resembled Kim Dokja's, somehow. Her eyes sparkling like stars were
quietly observing him.

\[I didn't expect to see you here, captain. You probably can understand now
how I felt while wandering around the world-lines. Right?\]

This child, she...

\[You don't have to worry. I've already repaired most of your scattered Story.
And just in case, I've even started a sub scenario so you should be fine for
the time being.\]

Could she be...

\[That's so disappointing. Do I have to speak like this for you to recognise
me?\]

As the girl smiled mischievously, a small horn suddenly grew out of her head.
Her lips parted a little, and a familiar cry he'd been missing for so long
jumped out.

\[Baat.\]

  

* * *

  

"Has master got in touch yet?"

"Nope. I'm sure he's taking good care of things," replied Han Sooyoung.

It had already been three months since Yoo Joonghyuk left on his voyage. The
work on the manuscript continued on without a hitch, and the updates were
continuously being sent through the Cloud System.

\[Number of file downloads: 0\]

However, Yoo Joonghyuk had not logged in once to the Cloud System using the
Stigma during the past three months.

'Yoo Joonghyuk, that idiot. Just what is he doing?'

The ominous foreboding slowly mushroomed in Han Sooyoung's heart. She even
began thinking that maybe she should've been the one to head out.

Yoo Mia was next to her, sweating profusely while performing a series of
press-ups.

"I'll become strong enough to break both of my oppa's legs."

Han Sooyoung looked at Yoo Mia and the girl's blazing eyes, and could only nod
her head as a sign of encouragement.

And how long did she tap on the keyboard afterwards? Suddenly, a message
entered her head.

\[Your Incarnation has logged into the 'Cloud System'.\]

  

* * *

  

After Biyoo heard about the general gist of the situation, she responded in
the following manner.

\[...Okay, so. You'll spread the story you receive via Han Sooyoung's Stigma to
other world-lines. That's the core of the plan, right?\]

"Correct."

\[And you're hoping that the reincarnated versions of Dokja ahjussi will read
that story.\]

"Also correct."

\[Not bad. To think that you'd come up with a plan to take advantage of the
'Oldest Dream's nature like this...\]

"I also thought it's not a bad-sounding p..."

\[...Did you really think I'd be impressed by that plan? How did you even cook
up such a hair-brained scheme, seriously?\!\]

...Was Biyoo's personality originally like this?

\[But then again, captain, you're completely capable of doing something this
crazy without batting an eyelid.\]

Yoo Joonghyuk frowned deeply at that somewhat mocking tone of voice. The more
he heard her talk, the more she began sounding like Kim Dokja for some reason.

\[The odds of success are not very good, you know.\]

"I know."

\[The 'Oldest Dream' of that world-line might not even read the story. And the
more advanced a civilisation is, the less important the contents made up
purely of letters becomes. So you may not even get a chance to approach such a
world, too.\]

"Before that, crossing the world-lines is the biggest problem."

Yoo Joonghyuk stared at the half-destroyed ark. Although he got lucky with
Biyoo's help and managed to survive, it was impossible to visit other world-
lines without the vessel.

Biyoo thought about something for a while then spoke what's in her mind. \[Why
can't you go? What are the coordinates? Give to me.\]

With a slightly unconvinced face, Yoo Joonghyuk handed over the list of
coordinates Yoo Sangah gave him earlier. Biyoo confirmed all the world-lines
on it and smiled refreshingly.

\[You do know who I am, right? I'm none other than the 'Dokkaebi King', you
know.\]

It was right then, Yoo Joonghyuk recalled an obvious fact.

The \[Final Ark\] was an item belonging to the Bureau. And the top
representative of the Bureau was precisely the 'Dokkaebi King'.

\[Can you guess what I had been doing in the 'Dark Stratum'? While you and
other companions went to the 1865th turn, I too had been working my butt off
somewhere, that's what.\]

The deep, boundless wisdom could be sensed behind Biyoo's eyes drawing a
smiling arc.

The Dark Stratum. A place where the time's density was far greater than any
other spacetime.

Just how long had Biyoo been staying in such a space?

She pulled out a Wenny pouch from her inner pocket and continued on.

\[I've got my hands on the dead Wenny King's dimensional doorway so jumping to
the nearest world-line isn't going to be a problem at all. As for those in the
far-flung distance... Well, it should be doable after repairing the ark a bit, I
think. The problem is with the energy to be used as the fuel...\]

Yoo Joonghyuk looked down at his own Incarnation body. Thanks to Biyoo saving
his life, most of his injuries had been healed, but the majority of his
Stories were left badly mangled after they protected him for over 300 days of
adrift at space, as well as during the battle against the hounds.

\[I guess that's also been sorted out now, too.\]

"...Mm?"

He wasn't sure how it happened, but his inside was overflowing with Stories. A
truly extraordinary amount of Stories were writhing around within him, getting
ready to be unleashed.

\[Just where did you acquire the Stories of the 'Nameless Ones'? Not only
that, such a humongous amount, too...\]

Stories that had been discarded by the scenario was now trying to speak to
him.

\[Stories with unknown names from 'Outer Gods' wish to accompany you.\]

Stories from the 'Nameless Ones' he had run across in the final scenario once
upon a time. Existences born in a place no stars paid attention to, and who
had to die in a place no one was looking at.

They were currently talking to Yoo Joonghyuk.

\[Stories with unknown names are picking up the scent of an ancient dream from
you.\]

\[Now that I think about it, something felt a bit off when I was picking you
up. The 'Nameless Ones' that didn't possess any ego were busy protecting you,
you know?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk recalled the dream he had not too long ago  the Journey to the
West scenario, the voices of the 'Secretive Plotter' as well as the 999th
turn's individuals.

...But, it couldn't be.

He hurriedly enhanced his perception, but couldn't detect anything. While
listening to Biyoo's voice, Yoo Joonghyuk quietly observed the view of the
space spreading out like an endless ocean.

\[By using those Stories as our fuel, we shouldn't have any problems
travelling long distances. Okay, let's get a move on, then. The hounds'
territory is nearby, so if we take our time lounging around here, things might
get dicey again.\]

Since Yoo Joonghyuk had no thoughts of encountering those hounds again, he
quickly nodded his head as well.

\[It's a bit cramped inside for two people, so... Baat\!\]

Pure-white and abundant fur sprouted from Biyoo's body, then she suddenly
shrunk down to the size of a single fist.

\[Dokkaebi King 'Biyoo' has started the ark's voyage\!\]

Along with that message, the ark's main engine came to life. The vessel left
behind the blue-hued Story traces and disappeared from there in the blink of
an eye.

...

...

...

A short while later, five shadows appeared near where the ark used to be.

Do you think he'll succeed?

That's uncertain. However, this is as far as we can help him.

Let's hurry up and return, shall we? Today's the parent's day at school,
after all. By the way, who agreed to go with Dokja?

Me, me, me, me\!\!

You idiot obviously aren't qualified.

The 'Secretive Plotter' watched the ark disappearing beyond the distant galaxy
and murmured out.

I pray that we don't have to run into each other again, Yoo Joonghyuk.

  

* * *

  

Jang Hayoung working on the revision of the second act yawned grandly in
boredom and asked a question. "By the way, Han Sooyoung? Can I ask you
something?"

"No."

"What did you tell Yoo Joonghyuk regarding the method of delivering the
manuscript?" Jang Hayoung spoke in a tone of voice indicating her distrust of
the man in question. "I took a look, and well, besides him knowing how to play
games, he didn't seem to know his way around a computer, you know? Would he
even know how to upload novels to a website?"

"He can't personally serialise the novel. That would mean he'd be stuck in a
world-line for too long."

"What then?"

Han Sooyoung thought about it for a second, then muttered out. "The most ideal
way would be to find someone who can serialise it for us..."

  

* * *

  

The planetary system Z865123. In the year 2020 of the imperial calendar...

On that day, a webnovel writer named Lee Hak-Hyeon was busy writing up his
manuscript inside a one-room flat for students, only to get into a verbal
tussle with his editor over the phone.

 Author-nim, just what are you planning to write this time? What's the title
of the novel?

"...It's the Me-sword Master."

 The Me-sword Master? What is it about?

"Okay, so... The protagonist is a method actor in a fantasy world, and he
eventually masters his acting skills and also becomes a swordmaster..."

 Ah, I see. That's enough. By the way, didn't I tell you many times before to
never start with the line 'imperial calendar' this and that?

Lee Hak-Hyeon listened to the editor's voice continuing on for a long while
afterwards, and his expression became gloomier and gloomier.

 Have you forgotten what happened with your previous novel? Author-nim,
please think about this carefully. I beg of you...

Lee Hak-Hyeon recalled his previous outputs.

His debut work, Orc Philosopher, completely tanked with a pathetically
embarrassing score  this novel's paywalled chapters were bought only by his
best friend and no one else besides  and the follow-up he wrote with much
fanfare, How to Become a Famous Author also tanked pretty hard because
well, he was not a famous author, to begin with. And just like that, this was
his third try.

"Those who will succeed, will succeed. While those who won't, won't. I'm the
latter, I guess."

He was three months behind on his rent, and with what little money he had on
him, it'd be difficult to even buy tonight's dinner.

Lee Hak-Hyeon stared at the empty Korean word processor page, before rushing
up to the rooftop of the building. The ground as seen from the fifth floor
looked pretty far enough.

"...Nah. Even then, this is... Hah-ah... Huh?"

Lee Hak-Hyeon rubbed his eyes. Was he hallucinating? Something was wavering
before his eyes.

"What's going on? My tears?"

A man was standing there. Not just any man, but an incredibly handsome dude
wearing a black coat, no less. And a figurine with fluffy fur was sitting on
this man's shoulder. Even a blind could see that this guy was someone
extraordinary.

He'd be pretty much perfect as a protagonist from a novel, in a way...

"You over there. You seem to be a webnovel author."

The black coat-wearing man's powerful aura caused Lee Hak-Hyeon's legs to
tremble even unbeknownst to himself. The latter managed to eke out a reply.
"Y-yes, I am."

"In that case, you should know how to serialise a novel, then."

"Well, that..."

It was at that moment that a realization dawned on Lee Hak-Hyeon. He'd heard
about this weird rumour from someone, somewhere  a legendary tale of those
authors who mysteriously vanished from the world, only to triumphantly return
with stunning epics in tow. The tale of incredible luck that only a select
handful of writers are blessed with.

Lee Hak-Hyeon realized what kind of a situation this was, and his shoulders
began trembling.

'I-i-is this the chosen author cliche??'

If all the webnovels he had read so far had some dose of reality in them, then
that black coat-wearing man should take Lee Hak-Hyeon into the world of a
novel. And then, he'd ask the latter to fix the conclusion written by another
writer. The latter would utilise his brain honed by cliches to its fullest
extent and go on to perform truly fantastical feats.

"Yes, yes\! I know how to do it\! I shall change your world's future\!"

"...??"

"Please, hurry and take me with you\! I may look like this, but I'm a pro
webnovel author with prior experience in paid serialisation..."

A dull thud rang out as something hit the back of Lee Hak-Hyeon's head. He
blacked out immediately.

  

* * *

  

\[Wait a minute, captain\!\! What are you doing, knocking the guy out\!\!\]

Biyoo cried out sharply.

They were currently in the planetary system Z865123. They had to go through no
less than 17 layers of \[Dark Stratum\] from Earth they had been living in to
barely reach this world-line.

"It couldn't be helped. He was too talkative."

\[...Now what are we going to do?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk began pulling out several instruments from his inner pocket.
"From now on, we need to forcibly insert the novel Han Sooyoung has written
into this man's brain."

\[What are you talking about?\! Do you even know how long that will take?\!
Are you going to brainwash people like this every time you enter a new world-
line??\]

"That is..."

When he thought about it, he realized that this method could only take them so
far. They couldn't stick around and keep their eyes on this man forever, and
the brainwashing could stop working after Yoo Joonghyuk had left this world-
line.

\[You said that Han Sooyoung hadn't finished writing the novel yet, right? We
don't have the time to visit this world again later. At this rate, even if we
hand over the novel, the serialisation might stop in the middle, you know\!\]

"Han Sooyoung, that fool..."

\[Stop blaming someone else, and activate that thing called Cloud System or
something. Hurry.\]

Since she sounded as if she had a plan here, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't argue and
did as he was told.

\[Sync your display with mine.\]

Biyoo then began browsing and poking at the \[Cloud System\]'s files floating
up before her eyes. Soon, her hands stopped moving before a specific file.

\[Dokkaebi King 'Biyoo' is trying to approach the Cloud System using the
authority of the Bureau.\]

\[Will you allow the access to the portion of the files?\]

Yoo Joonghyuk clicked on the confirmation icon. When he did, a transparent
thread extended out from the file and got connected to the head of the
unconscious webnovel writer.

\[Dokkaebi King 'Biyoo' has exercised her authority and altered the 'Cloud
System'.\]

\[The system's influence is minimal in this worldview. Additional Probability
will be consumed\!\]

\[The set-up, 'Inspiration Sharing', has been created\!\]

Biyoo wiped away the strands of sweat from her forehead and spoke. \[I've
synchronised the cloud's files with this guy's subconsciousness. From now on,
the stories Han Sooyoung writes in the future will be updated automatically to
this guy's subconscious mind.\]

Now that was a truly stunning Story manipulation ability. Even Han Sooyoung
needed quite a lot of time to create a single Stigma, so this...

Yoo Joonghyuk asked her. "Is this method safe? What if this fool unnecessarily
starts suspecting something...?"

\[Suspect? Not very likely. No, he's gonna love the change, actually. I mean,
he's being showered by inspirations, so which writer wouldn't welcome that
with open arms? He'll definitely believe that he's the one writing this
story.\]

Biyoo smirked and looked down at the still-unconscious man. Yoo Joonghyuk
alternated his gaze between such Biyoo and the unmoving webnovel writer as a
strange little thought crept into his mind. Could it be that a 'novel', any
novel, was written like this, to begin with?

Biyoo lightly knocked on the head of the unconscious writer and spoke.

\[He will probably think that a muse came to bless him or something.\]

  

* * *

  

When Lee Hak-Hyeon opened his eyes again, he found himself slumped over his
own desk.

"...Was I dreaming? Urgh..."

He slowly got up and wiped his mouth, then began massaging his temples.

That was one strangely vivid dream. A dream where he was being threatened by a
man wearing a black coat. And then, there was a figuring floating in the air,
seemingly made out of a lump of wool... It seemed rather likely that, him
secluding himself in this small room for too long while attempting to write
something, had finally pushed him over the edge.

Lee Hak-Hyeon spat out a long, long groan and switched on the once-empty
notebook screen. But on it was...

There are three ways to survive in a ruined world.

...A sentence he didn't remember typing was there.

On top of this, his hands were actually moving on their own to continue typing
away.

My ancient smartphone displaying the webnovel platform struggled to move
through the screen. I scrolled down, then up. How many times did I do that, I
wondered.

"Really? Is that really the end??"

"...Oh?"

Lee Hak-Hyeon looked at his hands typing away at a frightening turn of speed
and began wondering if he had finally lost his mind. Hell, he thought that he
could even hear some sort of a voice coming from within his mind, too.

...You tanked badly the last time by making the author the protagonist. How
about making the reader the protagonist this time around?

Kim Dokja\(\). My father wanted me to become a tough man even if I was
left alone so he gave me such a name.

When he typed one sentence, another one would pop up in his head, and when he
finished typing that one, yet another would appear in his mind. Inspirations
surged in him like a powerful waterfall.

By the time he regained his wits, he had already completed the prologue as
well as the first chapter.

This was the moment when my life's genre had changed.

Lee Hak-Hyeon dazedly stared at the screen for a long time, before calling the
editor on the phone.

"Uhm, editor-nim? It looks like I might become successful, after all..."


